The Adventures of Star Runner the Pantheran 


Over the Moon 








A Novel 


By 


Merrill Louise Woolnough 


Chapter One 


"Extraction complete. Pharaoh Star System confirmed. Course set for Over the Moon. local time updated. Local time to touchdown three days, two hours and forty-seven minutes, fifteen seconds. Do you require biological data?" 


I yawned and stretched as well as I could in the acceleration web. "Negative." I did not speak the word aloud. I did not even form the word in my mind. I simply declined. Ship has huge amounts of data, on itself, on the ship, on the Pharaoh Star System, on me. I have access to it all as Ship and I are always linked. I depend on Ship to manage all this data, to keep me and the Ship in optimal running order. No doubt even now Ship is adjusting my biological system to normal space time acceleration now that we have finished the hyperspace portion of our journey. That is why I maintain a state-of-the-art artificial intelligence on the Loud Cows. I depend on it for everything, even life itself. Some have calculated that an androgyn like myself can only function apart from its AI for less than thirty hours. I have done it for more, but it was touch-and-go for a while whether I would survive. It is not an experience I would ever like to repeat. 


I am Star Runner, captain of my own spacecraft, an androgyn of the Pantheran Empire by design and an independent individual by circumstance. I work out of the Pharaoh Star System outside the Pantheran Empire and the Coalition, the Pantheran Empire's political organization to hoodwink the other races into believing they operate under a coalition, that word again, of aliens all working to support and sustain each other. That work may actually be happening. Then again, maybe not. What I do know is happening is that the Pantheran Empire is maintaining control over their worlds, their resources and themselves so that anything they do does not interfere with the Pantheran Empire's interests. 


The Pharaoh Star System is outside of Pantheran space. It is home to the planet Hypatia which is inhospitable to members of The Race and humans alike. However, human entrepreneurs have developed a tourist attraction there for the rich of their race. There are few rules and much business is done here. 


Previous to the building of Shepheard's Hotel, the support city of Ptolemy City and the Alexandria Space Station, the League of Hypatian Pirates used the Third Cataract to store stolen goods. No one visited the planet. Ship activity in the Star System could be explained by mining operations on Mark Antony and the shipyards at Over the Moon on Cleopatra which are the planet's two moons. The shipyards ask no questions, require no documentation. The spaceships are repaired and the bills are paid. That is all. There is also a superior medical facility for the repair of humans. I have learned the repair procedures here are of the highest quality and are extremely expensive since maintaining the telecommunications protocols to specialists for robot supervision is also very expensive. Fortunately, for both medically needy humans and the rest of the denizens on Over the Moon, it means other forms of communications are top-=of-the-line as well. For an independent businessperson like me it is a real advantage to be able to maintain contacts and to keep the Loud Cows up-to-date. Although not their main business, my contacts in the shipyards are quite agreeable to maintaining Ship as well as my spacecraft, for a fee, of course, but in maintaining Ship, I am maintained as well. On each restocking order, Ship makes use of the Asclepius Medical Facility for medicines for me. Anything they do not have as a stock item they can synthesize to my individual specifications. That data is maintained by Ship, too. 


Well, this is a lot of technical data at the beginning of my tale which may or may not be necessary or even of interest to you, the reader, but I thought I would put it down so that you might have an idea of what you and I are dealing with before I begin. 


I had been away from Over the Moon for some time when I returned in what was the early winter of the Shepheard's Hotel's season. The hotel's seasons are the seasons throughout the Star system. I had picked up and delivered a cargo of illegal arms to the Free Residents of the Northern Territories (FRONT), a loosely organized resistance just outside the official border of the Pantheran Empire. How independent the frontier really is has been a matter of some speculation. I used to think it was independent, but I have come to believe it is only less restrictive because the Empire wants it that way. The movement of arms is tolerated because the Empire can crush the residents at any time it chooses. Meanwhile, dissidents move outside of the Empire's borders and leave a more docile status quo inside. The border patrol watches. The Interdiction established some time ago is only enforced sporadically and only on goods and data the Empire wants in short supply. I suspect my friends in the Free Residents of the Northern Territories FRONT) would argue this point, but the Pantheran Empire knows exactly what is going on there. I know. I ran afoul of Empire interests a while back and I've fund it prudent to stay as far from them as possible. I know some hyperspace back doors and I can make my runs without interference right now, but it will not last. Nevertheless, the transaction was successful, profitable and surprisingly, quite satisfying. I spent a considerable amount of time with old friends from previous adventures. 




But now I was back in the Pharaoh Star System, looking forward to a little down time on Hypatia and open to negotiating another business deal. The League of Hypatian Pirates , although not officially recognizing me as one of theirs, are quite happy to employ me for their own interests outside of the Empire. I have the ability to insert myself into hyperspace and, , without pre-established charts, locate an extraction point a safe distance from either a Star or planet and correlate where I am and how to get back to Pharaoh Star System. That makes it possible for me to be the liaison with a number of races outside the EMpire's sphere of influence. These liaisons are at the moment quite tenuous. No real contact can be established, well, at least not by me, but the races are interested in Pantheran and human technology and goods and the League of Hypatian Pirates are open to trading. I do not concern myself with the consequences of trading our goods for theirs on the overall balance of power in this region of Space. I innately believe in the power of the Pantheran Empire to withstand any attack. Some say this is genetic. Some say it is just racial arrogance. In any event, I do not agonize over what is exchanged. Politicians and military personnel can do that. 


The truth is, I have no idea what I am carrying in my cargo hold at the moment. It is not biological in character. Nor is it explosive or corrosive. It holds no threat to me as far as Ship can determine. Therefore, I am satisfied to bring it back to Over the Moon. 


Oh yes, I went from the Northern Frontier to alien space on my way back. Do not ask. I will not tell you how I did this. I call this one of my trade secrets. It makes me useful. And being useful, I get paid. And being paid, I can spend, on my spacecraft, on Ship and on myself. 


I yawned and stretched again, being well-satisfied with myself. I was accelerating nicely, bringing up Ship displays inside my head. The thrust was too great for me to consider unstrapping from my acceleration web and moving about my lair. A glance at my biological monitor showed I was eliminating waste, breathing normally and getting hungry. A nutritional supplement would be added to my intravenous feed which would start in seventy-four seconds. I closed my eyes and concentrated on feeling my body. 




As I said, I am an androgyn. This means I have no sexual organs or identity. I am a genetically engineered being, designed to be a Star runner. Properly speaking, I do not have a name. Then again, I do not have an official Pantheran Empire designation anymore. My identity number was officially deleted. Unofficially, I am certain it is in use. How else would I be tracked? I just cannot use it in any way and officially, I cannot enter Empire space. I do try to avoid this whenever possible. Termination does not appeal to me in the slightest. Although I was officially terminated some time ago, I was allowed to leave the Empire 
A Star runner is an individual who is genetically designed to navigate a spacecraft. Never intended to run its own business, I am unique among Star runners. Hence, I am simply known by my designation. What surprises all beings, humans, members of The Race and others who know The Race, I am a fuchsia-colored Pantheran. This is highly unusual. Some are even superstitious about it. It is said fuchsia-colored Pantherans have a destiny, a special mission for our race. I used to believe this about myself, but I have come to think this itself is a superstition and that I am simply a genetically recessive and rare color. Humans believe I am called Star because of a white patch on my forehead. I think it is merely an unfortunate genetic circumstance which a more careful genetic engineer could have corrected for. The white fur on my two hind feet could have been corrected for, too, but I suppose genetic engineers have off days, too. Humans call it "cute". I call it annoying. 


Having fur and no sexual organs, I do not dress. From time to time I wear a scarf. Humans think it gives me a feminine quality and human males find me attractive. I keep company with them because it pleases me to do so. Sexual drive fascinates me though I have none myself. I therefore find it necessary and pleasing to do personal research on the subject and to maintain a database--for subscription, of course--so that other androgyn's can do similar research. It passes the time on long space voyages. Insertions into hyperspace preclude external contact. What Ship can do in my head--well, I've been told not all humans want to read about this. 


Chapter Two 


Space travel takes time. Even with insertion into hyperspace, it can take weeks or even months to get from one place to another. Even getting around inside a solar system takes time. Being a Star Runner and designed to spend large amounts of time accelerating with enormous G-forces pressing on my body, It still takes time to get from one planet to another. As a result, space travel is not universal among members of The Race. In fact, gendered The Race rarely leave the Mother World. That is what we androgyns are for, to run their errands, to experience the boredom of long space voyagers and the genetic and biological modifications to our bodies to make space travel manageable. Human beings are hearty and have made their spaceships to compensate for these same pressures but they are, by necessity, slower. The human body is not designed for either insertion or fast acceleration. I have to be mindful of that when I carry human passengers. My superior mental and physical attributes make it possible for me to travel faster. I am also emotionally designed to withstand long voyages. Being integrated with the artificial intelligence controlling my spacecraft means I can offload repetitive tasks and take on a variety of tasks to pass the time. All my needs can be met while strapped into my acceleration web. By manipulating my biochemistry, I am content and my muscles are kept in prime working order. I have no desire to get out of the Loud Cows and wander about on a planet. In fact, it has been only fairly recently that I ever was outside of a spaceship or a space station. I found the experience terrifying. I have gotten used to going about Ptolemy City, the city which has grown up around Shepheard's Hotel on Hypatia. I have been up the Nile River to the Third Cataract and I've been to the caves along the North Sea. I did it. I did not like doing it, but I know I can do it if I need to do it. I am, however, most content when I'm on the Loud Cows traveling somewhere. Now I am proceeding to Over the Moon. It comes from a children's poem I am told, something about a cow jumping over the moon. I have never seen a cow except for the clips Ship has in its databases. I know this animal cannot jump over any moon. The idea so intrigued me, however, that when I had my new ship constructed, I named it Loud Cows after another poem I found when searching for information about cows. I find human beings are both puzzled and amused by the Loud Cows's name. As they think of me as being a large cat, the fact that the Loud Cows is Loud Cows and my home port is Over the Moon--they do not know if they should take me seriously or not until they need something I can provide. Then they take me quite seriously. 
Over the Moon was a secret base for many years, being placed on the far side of the moon, not visible to the people on Hypatia. It is an invitation only port. It is not open to regular space traffic. The Space Station Alexandria is for that. It is a full service station, that is, there is hotel accommodations, restaurants, entertainment and spaceship repair. Most people would neither need nor want to go to Over the Moon. Alexandria Space Station is clean and bright and for the most part, honest and reputable. The consortium which owns Shepheard's Hotel wants it that way. Whatever deals are cut on Hypatia,, the high stakes gambler or wealthy tourist can be assured they will not be scammed on Alexandria Space Station when they arrive. In fact, many people come through Alexandria Space Station and never go down to the planet. They journey all the way outside the Pantheran Empire to get to Hypatia and then never disembark for the planet. This puzzles me, but I am told the idea of going down to a planet with a poisonous atmosphere bothers a lot of humans. This is quite incomprehensible. They have traveled through space, where there is no atmosphere at all and they are happy to spend weeks at a time on a space station which has an artificial atmosphere. Although this seems quite normal to me--this is the way I was reared at the Institute and later trained aboard spaceships--I am told humans crave the out-of-doors, to stand on solid ground. Over the Moon is a utilitarian city. It is on the surface of Cleopatra. It is a domed city, built of industrial components. It is for space rats--the men and women who work freighters in and out of the Pharaoh Star System. Miners from Mark Antony come to Over the Moon, too, for a respite. The hotels are drab. Bars and gambling establishments are plentiful. Prostitution is legal. Restaurants serve large amounts of ordinary food. Besides the excellent ship yards and Asclepius Medical Facility I have already described, Over the Moon has nothing to recommend it. 
Except, I am looking forward to going there. It means an opportunity for me to eat human food. I will be going to the Star Base Cafe and I will be eating lots and lots of Gwen Chen's cooking. 
Eating human food is not particularly desirable for a member of my race. It has low food value for the quantity ingested. I, however, love the taste. 
My friend Tamara, when I first met Tamara at the Spyglass Cafe, on the Space Station Pirate's Cove in the Long John Silver Star System, now part of the Free Residents of the Northern Territories (FRONT), introduced me to a lot of these foods. According to Tamara, I like so-called comfort food--macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes, tapioca pudding, and my favorite, cream. I always have chocolate chip cookies for dessert. Dessert is the best part of human meals. I was sad to find out it is not a regular part of breakfast, but then I was happy to discover cheese Danish. That is almost like dessert and I eat that way when I have a human breakfast. 
Of course, Ship becomes distressed by my over indulgences and I have to spend extra time having my biochemistry analyzed and adjusted. It is one of the few times I do not feel totally integrated with my AI. For the most part, we are one entity. My brain is a subset, a vital subset, of Ship's computer system. Periodically, my brain is backed up and de fragmented just like any other computer system's drives are cleaned. In fact, I have stored several backups in case the Pantheran Empire wishes to reformat my brain. I have a standing order with the Fungusians to restore me if this should ever become necessary again. It is a very unsettling experience and I do not want to write about it here. 
I want to think of cream puffs and ice cream Sundaes. I think my first Sundae will have chocolate chip mint ice cream, hot fudge and lots of lots of whipped cream. I do not like the cherries. Tamara thinks this is odd. Tamara says the cherries are the best part. This confuses me. Tamara continues to eat the entire Sundae even if the cherries are the best part. If I thought the cherries were the best part of the Sundae, I would just eat cherries and not bother with all the rest. 
Well, here it is three days two hours and twenty-three minutes, fifty-two seconds And I am in the landing pattern for Over the Moon. 


"Loud Cows, you are cleared to land," Spaceport Landing Control finally announced. "Captain Star Runner, welcome back to Over the Moon." 


The greeting was perfunctory. I had no idea who the particular controller was nor did I think the controller particularly recognized me. It was just standard procedure and reflected no warm or personal interaction. over the Moon is like that. For the most part, humans keep to themselves here. I don't mean humans interact with each other while excluding other races like me. I mean each human keeps to him or her self. Over the Moon is a solitary place. Everyone minds his or her own business and no one likes anyone else to pry. I like it this way, too, so the disinterest in my comings and goings does not disagree with me. I have found, in the past, humans to be very inquisitive and there is much about me and my affairs which needs to be private. My business depends on discretion and a loose-lipped captain will lack any trade very quickly. 


Touchdown came within seven seconds of Ship's estimation. I knew on our next return to the Over the Moon Spaceport, barring any unforeseeable delays, Ship's estimate would be updated accordingly. 


At first, I found it unsettling that I need to land on the surface of Cleopatra in order to make use of the facilities here at Over the Moon. Now I am used to it. The moon has much less gravity than either neighboring Hypatia or Alexandria Space Station. It makes transferring from weightlessness in deep space to arrival destination normal a much less rigorous process Some will say over the Moon is dingy, constructed of industrial grade materials, most surfaces are gray. Now they are gray covered with dust and grime. I prefer a more cleanly environment, but the color scheme does not offend me. Star runners do not see well externally though we continue to have the green eyes of all members of The Race. The dim lighting on Over the Moon is much like the twilight in which my distant ancestors hunted on the Mother World. As for the lack of color, well, that is just fine with me. I find understanding the human fascination with color puzzling. One color is just as good as another. Besides, I have sworn off any contemplation of color because it brings up the topic of being a fuchsia-colored Pantheran and I have fantasized far too much about what that could mean. It is all rather silly when I think about it now. It is just sloppy genetic engineering. 


Well, here I go. Ship has sent a message confirming the arrival of my cargo and will handle its offloading when instructions are received. I am off to the Star Base Cafe. 


Chapter Three 


Previously to coming to Over the Moon, I had only once before made port on a surface. That was when I landed at the North Pole. I was not at the controls of the shuttle then. One of the elves was. The Loud Cows is designed to take off and land in such facilities. I practiced for numerous hours until I became proficient at landing and taking off under manual control. It is simply a safety precaution I cannot imagine a situation in which I would not have Ship available to perform these functions, However, my training as a Star Runner demands that I prepare for all possible emergencies. I paid steeply to use the landing field at Over the Moon for this purpose. I refused a human instructor pilot much to Port Control's displeasure. They say there are no regulations on Over the Moon. Do not believe this. However, I knew a human helm officer could not tell me what I needed to know to learn the necessary tasks. Ship communicated with me, guiding me through each maneuver until I mastered not only the physical maneuvers of attitude and velocity, but I mapped the entire operation in my brain. 


When I explained this to my friend Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, she suggested my experience of doing this is similar to a human learning to ride a bicycle. (Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo explained what a bicycle is and I have viewed holos of humans riding bicycles to understand the reference.) Athletes call it muscle memory. It is more than this. I now know how to land a spaceship and how to take off from a landing field. I now can land or take off in any class of spaceship from a personal shuttle to the largest spacecraft designed for the purpose. I know how to do it. My brain map may be copied and disseminated among all Star Runners and all Star Runners then will know how to do this. This has not been done because I am not on the Star Runner network for such upgrades. I receive them in a different way by upgrading my AI. The transaction is one way. I receive. I do not share information. That is the network's loss. Ship and I have been exploring how to sell this mapping on the black market. First, we need to determine if there is a market for it and how to price it. The learning curve is not great. At least, I did not find it so. Ship, however, thinks differently on this point. I did not find it difficult or time-consuming because I have a top-of-line AI which I devote a great deal of time and mental energy to be state-of-the-art. Many Star Runners do not do this. These Star Runners devote only minimal time to their AI's enhancements and their working relationship with their AI. Relaxation and personal entertainment takes precedents for these Star Runners. Star Runners most often prefer drugs and pornography to the hard work of integration. As a result, I am more integrated with my AI than most while at the same time I am more proficient at the tasks of piloting, navigating and running my own ship. 


"Landing complete," Ship announced. "You may disembark when ready." 


The acceleration web opened. Its probes withdrew from my body and my connectors sealed shut. 


"Update implant," I said. 


The jewel-colored interface at my throat warmed. It is a subset of the shipboard AI. it is also a link to the shipboard AI. It has proven to be a more satisfactory solution to my need to be connected with my AI than carrying a data assistant around my neck. The implant is in direct contact with my internal systems and streams real time data to Ship. Ship can trigger most of my voluntary and autonomic functions remotely, relying on the nanites in my system to return information and to perform most needed adjustments. 


I did some very basic stretching exercises before jumping onto the deck. This maneuver proved to be easily done. After some voyages, I am less than graceful. I have always been glad no human has seen me crash to the deck. It would destroy my personal image to them and The Race in general would no longer be seen as catlike and always landing on our feet. It is not true, of course, but despite my objections to the contrary, I cultivate the feline image. It troubled me a great deal at first. I resented the appellation. Once I had contact with a human house cat I began to understand the comparison and its potential for human-Pantheran relations. Being both large and in top physical condition, it amuses me to be both docile and alluring in a house cat manner. It is also not difficult to maintain the celebrated feline aloofness. Humans find it quite attractive which is to my benefit. 


I padded to the entryway of my lair, dropped to the airlock and cycled through. 


Over the Moon has a definite odor and it is more than the odor of humans and machines. It is the smell of neglect and indifference. Over the Moon is used and consumed. It is not cared for in any way, the facility or the people in it. It exists because it is necessary. If it was not needed, it would be abandoned. Only the most necessary of repairs are carried out. Many warehouses are dilapidated. Flophouses--they can hardly be called hotels--would be condemned if there were inspections. Walls are collapsed. Windows have broken or are simply holes in the sides of buildings. Stair treads are missing. Furniture is ripped and stained. Floor coverings are worn, cracked and even missing entirely. One must always be careful to avoid falling through them. 


I made my way across the open space around the Loud Cows and headed to another airlock. Once through it, I was inside Over the Moon, padding down scarred corridors, avoiding trash and potholes. I not so much walked as leaped from open floor space to open floor space. 


When I first lived among humans, I walked on two legs, aping their posture as much as possible. Over time I have found it more desirable to return to Pantheran carriage, going about on all fours. It is the best way to travel about Over the Moon. I am grateful for my tail, maintaining my balance and allowing me to run rapidly through the spaceport itself and out into the commercial sector. 


I was going to the Star Base Cafe. Everything else could wait. 


Because over the Moon is a domed area, the overheads are low and the sectors are stacked one on top of the other. The Star Base Cafe is located near the spaceport in a very shabby part of the dome. It is shabby because it is part of the original construction. No maintenance is done here. Taverns, brothels, chandleries sit side by side. The corridors are called streets. They, too, are narrow, grimy and littered with refuse. There are street cleaner robots, but there are not enough of them to keep the area clean. I suppose if they did not operate at all over the Moon would become choked in its own garbage. 


I hurried down High Diddle Diddle Row toward the Star Base Cafe. Several space rats were singing in the Cleo Tavern. It smelled of beer and despair. Lights flashed in the Diddle Diddle Casino as I passed. A game of Black jack was in progress. The house was winning. No surprise there. A prostitute leaned listlessly in the doorway of the brothel, smoking. a mixture of drugs by the smell of it. She was dressed only in her underwear and that was both torn and soiled. 


Then I stopped. The door to the Star Base Cafe was closed. A sign was posted. I approached it cautiously. I had never known the Star Base Cafe to be closed. It was open twenty-four/seven. The notice looked official. It read: Rent not paid. For rent. 


The Star Base Cafe closed? How could this be? Everyone on Over the Moon knew Gwen Chen served the best every day food in the port. It was good decent food at a fair price. The Star Base Cafe was always open. Always busy. Paying the rent could not be a problem. Gwen Chen was not rich. her prices could never make her wealthy. nevertheless, she must have made some money. What could have happened? 


All these questions came to my mind. I did not consciously transmit them to Ship, but being linked, Ship saw what I saw, heard what I heard, felt what I felt, smelled what I smelled and knew the questions I asked, felt what I felt, smelled what I smelled. Yes, all this is recorded and Ship can analyze all my sensory data and play it back to me if I need or desire to relive this experience later. And yes, I invest quite heavily in storage and I make backups of it all. 


"She's gone, Pantheran," a voice said. 


I turned. 


A space rat had come out of the Tavern. 


"It is said she died of a heart attack, that she was found behind her counter. I've also heard the counter was burned pretty badly." 


He watched me then, waiting for a reaction. 


This was no disinterested bystander, coming to tell me what had happened to my friend because strangers sometimes tell other strangers things they want to know. "Pantheran," is what I am. But I am the only Pantheran who comes to Over the Moon and no doubt this space rat knew my name. Everyone knows me here even if I do not know them. The use of my race was pointed. So was the message he conveyed. Do not poke that alien nose of yours into business which does not concern you. Except that it did concern me. Gwen Chen was my friend and since I had met Tamara, friendship has become very important to me. I take it very seriously. If I call you a friend, I do not do it lightly. 


The burns on the counter meant Gwen Chen was murdered and that her murder was not casual. It was a message. Whatever she knew, whatever she had done, it had gotten her killed and if I made inquiries, I might be gunned down, too. No doubt the space rat had been rapid to give me this message, oh so, unofficially, from the Port Authority. they had been paid, too, of course, by someone. This matter was closed. Natural death all the official records said. 


Having a meal did not appeal to me at all at that moment. However, it was absolutely necessary for me to do just that. 


"Thank you very kindly," I said and walked down the cross street toward a lift. I was going to planet View at the top of the dome to take a meal in a restaurant where a well-to-do freelancer like myself would normally dine. I set Ship to make inquiries. BE DISCRETE, I instructed. There probably was no need to do this, but Ship's inquiries must not be traceable to either the Loud Cows or me. I also set a subroutine to keep my mind from looping with questions. Who?/ Why? What had transpired at the Star Base Cafe to cause Gwen Chen to be assassinated? I had to stand still, purge my cache, blank my mind for a fraction of a second. Then, now in control, I stepped onto the lift in an upright position. I was forbidding in this posture, towering over most humans. The tips of my ears brushed the lift's ceiling. I would need to thoroughly groom when I returned to the ship. For now, I just thought big. 


Stepping out onto Planet View, I was struck by the light from Hypatia, the cleaner streets and the noise. Yes, I would go to Dish Dish, a club atmosphere, with dancers, both male and female, scantily clad and gyrating in lude poses. The lights and music pulsed. I framed the doorway, drawing many pairs of human eyes. 


"Captain Star Runner, join me." 


Summoned, I walked regally to a table. 




"Czarina," I said, taking her hand, "the pleasure is mine." 


Chapter Four 


The music was very loud. It hurt my ears. The flashing colored lights were bright. They hurt my eyes. The smoke from a mixture of cigarettes and drugs burned my eyes, my nose and my throat. I stepped resolutely to The Czarina's table. I reached out, took her hand and raised it high to my lips and kissed it. Our eyes met. I did not look away. With my AI augmentation, I do not blink if I do not want to. A human will inevitably drop their eyes. The Czarina was no exception. 


"You are so fierce," The Czarina said, gently pulling her hand away out of my paw. "And your whiskers tickle." 


Members of The Race do not smile. I did not even try. I savored the taste of her hand, how her rings felt against my lower lip. They tasted, I decided, expensive. So was her perfume and, of course, her clothes. The Czarina always wore a gold circlet around her head with small diamonds set in it. I always wondered if she intended it to be a crown. 


The Czarina was, of course, not a Czarina at all. She would have called herself something other than what she was--purveyor of information or, not to put too fine a point on the matter, a gossip. The Czarina never told you anything that would get her killed, or rather, The Czarina told everything that would get her killed except that The Czarina told everyone everything so that everyone benefited from her information as well as feared what information, or misinformation, she would choose to share about them. How exactly The Czarina balanced all of this without an imbedded AI I could not figure out, but she did. Being at her table would bring me into the limelight. Refusing to go to her table would point a brighter light in my direction. 


"How sad your favorite cafe is closed, Captain Star Runner," The Czarina said. 


"I was disappointed about that," I said. "I was looking forward to eating some of my favorite human food." 


"But now darling you can have dinner with me. I've always wanted to dine with you, you know. I've heard you make a point of grooming yourself all over afterwards and I do want to see that tongue of yours in action." 


The double entendre was not lost on me. Humans find my tongue does more than wash my paws. However, a sexual encounter with The Czarina was not on my list of things to do this evening. There was a time I would have been intrigued and I would have happily padded off with her. But I now know such peccadilloes are often problematic and get me into difficult circumstances which are extremely complicated to get out of. 


"Not all over, Czarina," I said. "But getting my whiskers just right does require attention and I have developed my technique to an art form. I trust I will not disappoint." 


"Oh darling, do stop standing up so high. You're giving me a crick in my neck just looking at you." 


I pulled out a chair, studied it and moved it aside. There was no way I could sit down on it. I used to try to sit on every human chair but over time I have found sitting on the floor much more preferable. It brings my chin almost to the table. I had been very nervous about that at first. Humans are so attached to their eating implements . However, if I eat daintily, which I am quite capable of doing, eating directly from my plate is much easier in this position. 


"Justin," The Czarina called to a passing server. "Please take this chair away. Captain Star Runner has no need of it." 


Justin quickly removed the offending furniture. The Czarina was in a commanding mood this evening. 


I touched the menu pad, considering my options. The Czarina would expect me to pay for her evening. I could certainly afford to do this. However, I did not want to. I disapprove of The Czarina. We are not friends. She has always been frustrated that I do not share information with her and that I have remained aloof. For my part, I suspect The Czarina, like most humans, distrusts any member of The Race and would seek any opportunity to discredit me. I am useful to her, however, because I have secreted information for her in the past and produced it for her when needed. And The Czarina needed the information very badly on that occasion. It kept her from going to jail. 


The Czarina's tab was an open document. I paid a portion of it, then ordered a simple meal of pasta and cheese the fancier restaurants call Fettuccini Alfredo. The sauce is very rich. I was certain the nanites were already preparing my stomach to break down all the fats in the cream so that my body could absorb excrete it. Gendered members of The Race do run to fat easily. Androgyns like myself simply eliminate it to remain trim. We can adjust our programming. I see no value to it. I have always found obese gendered Pantherans grotesque. 


The menu pad bleeped. I sighed. The salad argument again. I had to dismiss the balanced diet objection and confirm my deletions. Just the pasta and sauce. No garlic bread. No bread at all. I am fond of Italian bread and butter. I would get my fat quotient for the next two days in the sauce thank you. I would have to sleep in the acceleration web tonight, not in my basket in order for my biochemistry to be reset. I would need a good flushing and being integrated with Ship would make the process as painless as possible. With a full flush, the feeling of elimination would be noticeable. 


"I don't know what you saw in that dreadful place," The Czarina said. "It was dark and dirty and the food. It was so ordinary and dull." 


"It reminded me of a cafe on the Northern Frontier," I said. "I have good memories there and the Star Base Cafe was the closest thing to that." 


"Do I know this frontier cafe of yours?" The Czarina asked. 


"I have no idea," I said. "It, too, was quite ordinary. It just had a pretty girl in it and I liked her. She taught me to drink milkshakes and eat chocolate chip cookies, among other things." 


"And do you have a girl in every port you visit?" The Czarina asked. 


"No," I said 


"Just no?" The Czarina asked. "Captain Star Runner, you are not being very communicative this evening and I did so want to gossip with you." 


The Czarina was fishing. What could I let her catch? I had been out of Pharaoh Star System for so long I did not have anything remotely local to share with her. I did need to know what The Czarina would say about Gwen Chen and the Star Base Cafe. 


"You know," I said. "The Bermuda Triangle is still active on the Northern Frontier. Five spaceships disappeared last year. it seems humans are the only ones effected. If members of The Race go into that part of Space they get lost just like the humans do but their Star runners always get them back to a populated Star system. it has the scientists really puzzled. They cannot figure it out. Having been lost in the Bermuda Triangle myself, back when it was first swallowing up ships left and right, I cannot understand why no one knows why this is happening or how to stop it yet. It's been a long time." 


"And what were you doing on the Northern Frontier?" The Czarina asked. 


"Running guns," I said. I was just starting out. Gun running sounded like something a Star Runner ought to be doing." 


"And now?" The Czarina asked. 


"And now, I still take cargos where someone pays me to take them," I said. "It was true when I called Dirty World Station my home port and it's true now that I call over the Moon my home port." 


"Is there really a Dirty World Station?" The Czarina asked. 


"Yes," I said. 


"How charming," The Czarina said. I thought she was genuinely pleased."Is that where your pretty girl was, on Dirty World Station?" 


"No," I said. "Pirate's Cove, Long John Silver Star System." 


"Treasure island? how delightful," The Czarina said "Did you find buried treasure there?" 


"No," I said. "I aided and abetted the Free Residents of the Northern Territories (FRONT) in its seizure of a Coalition border patrol vessel." 


'What in hell did they need a Coalition patrol ship for?" The Czarina asked. I had her attention. It was old news, but The Czarina had not heard the story. I would get what I was after now. I relaxed. The Czarina liked details. 


"The Free Residents of the Northern Territories (FR"ONT) wanted the databases on the patrol ship. The interdiction had just started and they wanted to know how effectively the patrols were covering the border and what goods they were particularly interested in keeping off the frontier. I was recruited because I could handle the ship. They captured the ship, offloaded its Pantheran crew into the life boat and I had to deal with a very militaristic AI who wanted to format my brain. I sent my own ship off to Dirty World Station under its own recognizance and was just making some headway with the AI when Coalition forces showed up. I ran for the Bermuda Triangle. it took me months to make it back, but when I did, a Fungusian and I were able to give the Free Residents of the northern Territories (FRONT) what they wanted and then modify the Hispanola for their use as well as offload their munitions for defensive purposes." 


"So you've been in battle," The Czarina said. 


"Not really," I said. "I got out of there pretty quick. As I said, the AI was having none of my commands. I couldn't fire any of the weapons. I was locked out of them for some time." 


"So how did you avoid annihilation?" The Czarina leaned toward me. She was making this quite dramatic. 


"We came under attack," I said. "AI's have an interest in surviving. When I suggested we take off, it was happy enough to give me some control to set direction and speed." 


"And you worked with one of those mushrooms." The Czarina was breathing heavily. She found this quite stimulating. Humans are ever so curious. 


"yes," I said. "It took both of us some time to decode everything." 


"And how did the AI work out?" 


"I gave my own AI precedence with the Fungusian's help. I still use some of the code. It is very, efficient and ruthless," I added, guessing that The Czarina would find this also exciting. 


"So it made you ruthless," The Czarina said. 


"Sometimes," I said. The Czarina had no idea how ruthless a military AI can be. With all her posturing and play acting, The Czarina operates out of self interest and a need to survive. I suspect if ever really pressed, she is not made of very strong stuff. Talking about Mission as we called it back then made me think of Colonel Philip Drucker, my first human lover. His memories have been archived, but here in Dish Dish off Planet View, my link to Ship's archives is strong and I can remember him quite clearly. 


The Czarina is observant. 


"Where did you go, Captain Star Runner, down memory lane?" 


"Those memories are archived," I said. "I had to retrieve them, that's al." 


"Your brain is a marvel of engineering," The Czarina said. 


"Indeed it is," I agreed. 


"No doubt," The Czarina said, "you will need to archive your memories of Gwen Chen, too." 
"In time," I said. 
"Why not just delete her?" The Czarina's tone was flippant. I was intended to respond, to protest, to express an opinion. 


"What would the criteria for deletion be?"I asked. "Why not delete the memory of this meal? Then I would be telling the truth if I said I did not remember that we had met and spoken together. I could simply summarize information and not give it a source." 


"And erase our evening together? Captain Star Runner, you wound me deeply." 


"I did not say I plan to delete my memory, Czarina."I said, holding up a paw to indicate for her to stop because I had more to say. "I only point out that this matter of deleting memories becomes increasingly complicated and fraught with errors of judgment not to mention lapses in tact." 


"So you are recording everything," The Czarina said. 


"Aren't you?"I asked. 


"No." The Czarina was indignant. 


"Not with a recorder," I said, "but with your brain." 


"Yes, but my brain isn't a computer like yours." 
My brain is my brain," I said. "I cannot make it any other way than it is." 


"But your archives." A peevish note entered The Czarina's voice. Apparently all this technological talk was trying her patience. 
"I interface with the shipboard AI. That is all," I said. "I believe you knew about all of this before you invited me to join you this evening." 
The Czarina looked thoughtfully at the glowing bead at my neck. Watch it long enough, I thought, and you will have difficulty taking your eyes from it. It not only glows, it changes color. 


It is a happenstance of my implant's construction that this happens. When I saw it demonstrated, I knew humans would find it irresistible. I asked if this feature could be enhanced, made more powerful,, if the range and variety of color could be increased. The implant appears to have depth, as if staring into it could reveal secrets. I remembered Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo looking into it, and rubbing my back. It was a pleasant memory. Where was she now and what was she doing? Since my official termination, we had little opportunity to meet. I wondered what her sources in the Consortium knew about the activity linked with the Bermuda Triangle knew or speculated. Meanwhile, I waited for The Czarina to speak, to know whether or not she would share information with me at Gwen Chen. Several times during my meal she had started to say something, but had not given me anything. I had half of my dessert in front of me. It would be time soon for me to leave Dish Dish. My implant was having trouble managing the noise, the light, the smells and my meal. I would start feeling ill soon and I did not want to be in public then. I did not want to show any sign of weakness. I could prolong my stay at The Czarina's table with my washing ritual, but that was all. 
"I never went to the Star Base Cafe," The Czarina said. 
I kept eating. I turned one ear toward her more for show than the need to hear. I find ear movements are very expressive and humans key in on them quickly. I have few facial expressions and what expressions I can muster are hard for humans who do not know me well to interpret. Tamara is good at it. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo is credible. Emily Dickinson always got them wrong. 
startling thought. Why was I thinking of Emily Dickinson. Our affair had been over for some time. it had ended badly, or at least, I judged, by human standards, one would say it ended badly. For my part, endings were neither good nor bad. There are just endings. 
"The Port Authority says Gwen Chen died of a heart attack," The Czarina said. 


I finished my pudding and licked all of it off my mouth in an exaggerated motion, signaling my washing ritual had begun. 
"However, a lazar weapon was used. It was quite brutal. No one is saying who the killer is. I've heard they really don't know. As you know, this sort of thing is supposed to send a message. I don't know who is sending a message or to whom, but whoever is involved, it was very in tensional because of the weapon used and because it was in her cafe. No one else was there, or at least, no one else is talking. it was very nasty, Captain Star Runner. I've heard Gwen Chen could not possibly have any enemies, that her rent was always paid on time and that she owed no one anything. But you don't get gunned down in your shop by bloody lazar fire for no reason at all. Someone wanted her dead and didn't want anyone else asking questions. So I would think, with your memory banks, you would want to steer clear of anything to do with Gwen Chen or else they might just come after you." 
I licked my paw, rubbed my face, first the right side, then the left. The Czarina said nothing more. 


I paused. "And no one has said anything to you about me?" I asked, licking my other front paw. 
No," The Czarina said. "I just know you liked to go there and that Dish Dish is not your cup of tea." 
hardly," I said, standing up. "It's sensory overload, if you ask me." 
don't ask you," The Czarina said, continuing to puff on her drug-laced cigarette as she had throughout my meal. "But some of us like overload. It makes talking easier and remembering harder." 
indeed," I said. 
I turned away from The Czarina and took a step toward the door. 
Captain Star Runner," The Czarina said, "you might enjoy The Cat and the Fiddle." 
I'll bear that in mind, Czarina," I said, not turning back. Was The Czarina suggesting another meeting, setting me up, offering me friendly advice or pointing me toward someone else. It would be impossible to know until I frequented The Cat and the Fiddle tomorrow. Right now, I needed to get back to the Loud Cows, process this meal, check to see what information Ship had uncovered and think about all of this. What did I want to do about Gwen Chen's death? What business was it of mine, anyway. People died. people died violently. people died for all sorts of reasons. But something Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had said to me when I was facing termination came back to me, "Of course we helped you, Star. We're your friends." And Tamara had added, "That's what friends are for." And in their own way, the Fungusians had been good friends to me, too. Why these people helped me then and continued to enjoy my company is, to tell the truth, very confusing to me. It is not something I experienced before I spent time with humans. I have always wondered if I am a good friend to them. They tell me I am, but I cannot say exactly why this is. Maybe being a good friend to Gwen Chen would be finding out who killed her and why. Did she know? 
This question continued to occupy my mind as I made my way from Planet View back to the Loud Cows. Did Gwen Chen know her executioner. Did Gwen Chen know who sent her executioner? Why? Why? Why? As far as I knew, Gwen Chen was what she appeared to be, a older human being, alone, working as a proprietor of a low-end cafe on a gritty spaceport. She had no family. Her husband had left her. Her son was grown and on his own. She had ended up here and was doing what she knew how to do--run a eatery for space rats. Had Gwen Chen ever told me how precisely she had come to Over the Moon? The question to myself initiated a data search as I passed through the airlock onto the landing field near the Loud Cows. No. Gwen Chen had not told me how she had come to Over the Moon. That was odd, I thought, upon reflection. Unless she had been a miner, a load operator or a space rat herself, there was no reason or even way anyone else would end up here. 
Perhaps Gwen Chen could not afford to continue living on Hypatia," Ship suggested. 
I considered this as I jumped onto the deck of the Loud Cows. it felt so good to be home, to only smell the smell of its interior and my own space. No loud music. no flashing lights. No human smell. no drugs threatening to overwhelm me. I flexed my muscles one more time and settled into the acceleration web, feeling it insinuate itself into my body. Relief was almost instantaneous. I could let go. 
report," I said. 
"Alien cargo offloaded," Ship said. "Payment received." 
A transaction summary popped up with accompanying financial snapshot. Financially, we were in very good shape. 


"Port Authority wants to know if we can take a shipment to Hypatia as soon as possible." 
"Evaluate," I said. 
"It's profitable," Ship said. "We have no reason to stay on over the Moon." 
except for The Czarina's remark about The Cat and the Fiddle," I pointed out. 
"Hmm," Ship said. "That is conjecture. You are better at evaluating human speech." 
"Describe The Cat and the Fiddle," I said. 
Images appeared. Tasteful interior. Limited menu but good food selection. Nothing to suggest a need to visit there immediately. 
Do we have a return cargo?" I asked. 
"Checking," Ship said. 
There is one that will be ready for pickup day after tomorrow." 
Snag it," I said, "and make a reservation at The Cat and the Fiddle for when we return. if someone knows I am coming, I may learn if it is urgent that I contact anyone." 
My reservation was confirmed. No other message was sent. Ship would wake me in time for lift off at three in the morning. I was asleep before I could think further on the Gwen Chen situation. 


Chapter Five 


It was mid-afternoon before I padded to the Hypatian shuttle for departure to Ptolemy City. Ship had awakened me to lift off from Over the Moon. I had catnapped to Alexandria Space Station, docking at one of the cheapest births at the cargo docks. Whatever our cargo was, I suspected its need to arrive quickly at Alexandria Space Station was negligible to non-existent. The Loud Cows is a very, very fast interstellar spacecraft. Such a transfer could have easily been undertaken by a sub-light speed robot freighter and for far less money. I was fairly sure, with Captain Gyllian Romero Lujo's warnings not to presume too much echoing in my brain, quite literally, that the cargo was a pretense and it was to get me away from Over the Moon. My reservation, however, had been accepted at The Cat and the Fiddle and Ship had checked to ascertain if it indeed was active at the posh restaurant. My return cargo was still an active transaction and the rate, although not at all what I am accustomed to receiving,, was adequate enough to make the return voyage back to Over the Moon profitable. I would have been satisfied to break even and if I must be operating at a loss, I was willing to do that to return to the spaceport. Ship and I had agreed to inquire if the Star Base Cafe, or, more properly, the store front, was available for lease. I had paid for a two-week evaluation lease. it meant I could go in and look at the area as well as have certain contractors and experts look at it. No doubt it would need renovating. From time to time space faring captains got a yen to open up their own places or subcontracted them out. Refusing me might be a more obvious block to my inquiries. What I would find upon my return was another matter. I might find the Star Base Cafe completely clean and with no evidence of any wrongdoing available. It was a risk I had to take. 


Egress on and off Hypatia is tightly controlled. No spaceship may land there and no private shuttles are permitted. Everyone must take the officially-sanctioned shuttle craft to and from the planet, originating at Alexandria Space Station. Of course, one can rent a private shuttle craft at considerable expense if one desires The entire shuttle for one's own use and to avoid mixing with the other passengers. . I went aboard at a regularly scheduled departure. The shuttle was not crowded. I had an entire compartment to myself which satisfied me and the several human passengers. They seemed both skittish by my presence and affected by my smell. The steward, once satisfied that I knew how to prepare myself for departure and arrival planet side left me alone. This allowed me to watch out the porthole while I thought about what I was going to say to Emily Dickinson. 


Emily Dickinson is a large human, in his fifties I think, and a transvestite. We were an item for a while. I think we were more amused by people's reactions to us than each other. He had objected to my making our relationship available in my pornographic database which I sell to interested androgyns. He had made quite a scene, throwing glassware, cutlery and even my dinner about Ramses Pyramid Restaurant atop Shepheard's Hotel. I still do not understand why he got so upset. it was some time before Emily Dickinson would speak to me after that, but, over time, things have settled down. After all, the programs are still selling quite well. They were in the top ten for several months and even now are in the top one hundred. Emily Dickinson is vain. His success as a porn star amuses him. I think he tells this to prospective lovers, omitting that his success is on an androgyn subscription service and the consumers are members of The Race would cannot themselves engage in sexual activity, at least on the receiving end. Cross species sexuality still makes most human and gendered members of The Race uncomfortable,. With Ship's augmentation, I find it--well, never mind about that. 


I was off to get Emily Dickinson's perspective. Without having Tamara, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo or even the Pie Woman's daughter available to bounce ideas off of, I needed a human I can trust to evaluate the situation Could I trust Emily Dickinson? 


Before now, the question had never occurred to me. Emily Dickinson was a stand-up comedienne at Shepheard's Hotel. He did a number of routines, kept up-to-date with current events and cultural sensibilities. He was an institution late at night in the Shepheard's Hotel Queen Nefertiti Bar. It "paid the rent" as Emily Dickinson liked to say and let him "rub shoulders with the rich and famous". Emily Dickinson gambles some and makes investments. he is shrewd. I think part of his outrage about the pornographic database was that he did not receive any payment. 


"But you see," I explained to him, "it's just my memory of the encounter and you cannot be expected to be paid for that. If I paid you, you would be a prostitute and you are not licensed on Hypatia. Besides, it would hurt your stand-up routine and your reputation." 


In time, Emily Dickinson saw the logic of the situation and grumbling that androgyns were both weird and had no taste, Emily Dickinson dropped the matter at last. No doubt he would ask me how his rating was. It was a bit of a greeting ritual nowadays. 


I took the Caravan to Sepheard's Hotel, pausing at the hotel entrance to look at myself in the mirrored entrance. The scarf I had chosen back on the Loud Cows enhanced my implant and streamed nicely. it was a delicate fabric and set off my fuchsia-colored fur well. Emily Dickinson had spent a great deal of time developing my sense of color. He maintained I often chose scarves with clashed with my fur. I still like these color combinations. But humans, who see color much better than all members of The Race and especially androgyns, find these combinations offend their aesthetic sense. Since I would be in Emily Dickinson's company and I wanted a favor, I had opted to please rather than offend him. 


"Well if it isn't the old pussy cat himself," Emily Dickinson said when I padded up to his seat at the Queen Nefertiti Bar. 


"Itself," I corrected. It was an old dispute. Emily Dickinson maintained that himself worked as a description for all beings. I maintained that not having a gender, it was the correct appellation. Emily Dickinson said it was for things. I agreed. Androgyns are, by definition, things, not people. Emily Dickinson wondered aloud how a thing could own a spaceship. I said I was given Fungusian status when I was officially terminated and as a member of their race, I could define my gender any way I chose for outside consumption. I chose to be androgynous. Emily Dickinson countered that mushrooms were the last beings in the universe to have any sense of what gender or androgyn might mean to warm-blooded beings and why I had chosen to be a member of their race anyway was beyond him. 


"Because," I growled, "they're my friends and at the time, I needed all the friends I could get. I still do." 


Skating so close to what had been a very terrifying ordeal, Emily dickinson wisely dropped the matter. We would resume our difference of opinion every time we met after that. 


"Whatever," Emily Dickinson said indulgently, waving the controversy away. 


"How is my rating on Captain Star Runner's top one hundred downloads?" 


"Holding steady at seventy-five," I said. "You continue to be a hit. I get requests all the time for updated material." 


"Humpf," Emily Dickinson said. "Not likely. I don't think your furry friends would appreciate my best routines. 


"What brings you into this fine establishment? Bartender, get my furry friend something to drink." 


the Queen Nefertiti Bartender looked askance at me and apparently had no idea what to serve me. I thought I had looked quite dignified and regal as I had pranced across the hotel lobby into the Queen Nefertiti Bar, but some of the other humans looked more frightened than impressed. 


"Oh, he's, its harmless," Emily Dickinson said to the room in general. "It's big but it doesn't bite." 


That, I thought, is not precisely true. "Emily Dickinson, please stop. I have bitten on occasions, but I do not make a general practice of it. 


Emily Dickinson waved my objections away. "What brings you to Shepheard's Hotel this fine evening?" Emily Dickinson asked, swallowing more of his drink. he seemed quite expansive. I decided he had been sitting here some time. had I come into the Queen Nefertiti Bar too late for sober judgment? No, I decided. Maybe not. Cold sober, Emily Dickinson would probably have dismissed my questions out of hand. 


"I came for your advice about a matter," I said. the Queen Nefertiti Bartender had not brought me anything to drink yet. Apparently she was going to pretend I was not here. Tamara and I once watched a story about a man who could see a rabbit that was there while everyone else could not see the rabbit. Maybe the Queen Nefertiti Bartender thought I was like that rabbit Harvey. Okay, I thought, I will just talk to Emily Dickinson and he can decide what to do about it, if anything. Emily Dickinson would soon need another drink anyway. 


"You buying, pussy cat?" 


"Not all you have had to drink today and will drink tonight," I said. 


"You're a wise pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. "buy me the next drink and ask your question." 


"My friend Gwen Chen owned the Star Base Cafe on over the Moon," I said. 


"Another one of your harem?" Emily Dickinson asked. 


"I do not understand this reference," I said. 


"You always have girl friends, you know. Bartender, another drink. The pussy cat will pay for it. And get the furry thing something to drink. I can't drink alone." 


"Some fizzy water," I said, updating the tab. 


"What flavor?" The Queen Nefertiti bartender was literally shaking with fear. 


"He doesn't bite," Emily Dickinson said. "I told you. Oh, he's big and all, but look at him. He's all dainty with his scarf on. He won't hurt anyone with his scarf on. Just don't let him take it off. He gets, well, a little crazy when he takes it off." 


I said nothing. Emily Dickinson was not helping the matter. Two more drinks from now he would be telling her I was not dangerous because I could not f---. This would be bad because then Emily Dickinson might start describing what I could do. It is not that I mind these things being discussed openly. Humans mind. If he said it, I would have to record it and make it a part of this record. 


"What flavor?" the Queen Nefertiti Bartender said again. 


"Black cherry," I said, "it will coordinate with my fur." 


the Queen Nefertiti Bartender stared at me. 


"You know," I said,, "my inside would then match my outside." 


the Queen Nefertiti Bartender fled. 


"Pussy cat, that was dumb," Emily Dickinson said. 


"I was trying to make a joke," I said. 


"You are funny," Emily Dickinson said, "but it's not because you're telling jokes. You're just funny." 


"Now, you wanted my advice?" Emily Dickinson started a fresh drank. I licked a little of the fizzy water out of my glass. It tickled my tongue. 


"Yes," I said and told him the story. 


"What's your connection to this woman, S. R.?" Emily Dickinson asked, listening carefully while I recounted all that had happened since my return to Over the Moon. "And don't tell me again that's she's your friend. I get that. But why is she your friend? You usually have a reason for calling people friends." 


I considered. When Emily Dickinson calls me S. R., he is being quite serious. His question was a good one. Why did finding out what had happen at the Star Base Cafe and to Gwen Chen matter so much to me. I almost said again, "She was my friend." That would annoy Emily Dickinson and might end this conversation. 


"We would talk sometimes," I said. "Gwen Chen said we were a lot alike." 


"You and a human female?" Emily Dickinson mocked. 


"Because of our estrangement from our pasts," I said. "I cannot go back to Mother World. My former associates would not have anything to do with me. Gwen Chen said the same was true for her though, come to think of it, Gwen Chen never said exactly why. I knew she rarely heard from her son and there had been trouble between her and her husband. But I cannot remember anything else." 


"Don't tell me Captain Star Runner forgot something." Again Emily Dickinson's tone was mocking. 


I fluffed up my fur a little at his tone. 


"Don't get huffy with me, pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. "I just can't imagine you ever forgetting anything." 


"It is possible," I said, "if--" 


Emily Dickinson reached in front of me and knocked my glass of fizzy water off the Queen Nefertiti Bar. The glass broke and the water and ice cubes splashed against me. I dislike getting wet. The hiss was out of my throat instantly. The sound of both the broken glass and my hissing startled the other patrons at the Queen Nefertiti Bar. Instinctively, they looked in our direction, but both my hissing and fluffing made them uneasy. Several exclamations of fear pierced the air. Emily Dickinson leaned close in where only I could hear his whisper, "King Tut in ten minutes. Scram." 


I hissed again for show, shook myself dramatically and stalked out of the Queen Nefertiti Bar. Whatever Emily Dickinson had in mind, he did not want anyone else to know about it. I was to reserve a private cubicle at King Tut's Entertainment Lounge. Emily Dickinson would join me in ten minutes. 


King Tut's Entertainment Lounge has a large area where people can gather. There is also a pool table. It also has private rooms. They are shielded. Private conversations and communications can be made from these rooms. I rented one and left word for Emily Dickinson to join me. Shortly after I made myself comfortable on the floor, leaving the only chair for Emily Dickinson's use, he entered the code to release the door and entered. 
"You scared half the people in the Queen Nefertiti, pussy cat," he said. and laughed. I thought that bartender was going to pee in her pants. Apparently, she thought you were going to eat me." 
eat you, at the Queen Nefertiti Bar, in front of all of those people?" A scene from the holos flashed into my mind. 
"or pounce on me or scratch me or something. She doesn't know what a cute pussy cat you really are and how water really upsets you." 
Oh, Emily Dickinson meant literally eating him. 
"It is," I searched for a particular vile word, "extremely distasteful," I said." 
"I get wet every day," Emily Dickinson observed, settling himself in the very comfortable sleep chair. 
Now to your problem about the murdered proprietress of a two-bit cafe on Over the Moon. Here's the thing, S. R.," he continued, "there's no reason at all for anyone to take her out. The fact that someone did take her out and further that people don't want you sticking that very sensitive nose of yours into those reasons makes me suspicious. It also makes me nervous. Now you and I had our time together. It was good while it lasted. I'm not saying I want to pick it up again, but damn it, Star, you're a hell of a pussy cat and I wouldn't want anything to happen to you. You stand by your friends and I would like to think you'd stand by me if push came to shove. For all that little girl bartender's misgivings, you have sharp claws and you're ruthless in your own way. I'd rather have you with me than against me." 
Now this was the second time in two days someone had called me ruthless. I would have to reflect on this later. Ship made a note of this passing thought and placed it in my follow-up file. 
And now there is Emily Dickinson, claiming that we are friends and that he cares about what happens to me. Strange. I thought he only tolerated me. Something else for the follow-up file. 
"This isn't something I want to get involved in. I can't afford it. I've made some deals, you know, and I like living here in Ptolemy City. I don't want to have to start again somewhere else. Quite frankly, pussy cat, it's a cushy life here for me. Back in Coalition space, well, let's just say things would be a bit tougher for me. I don't want to go into that, you know. I'm like a lot of people here in Hypatian space." 
he had enemies or warrants out for him. A lot of people on the frontiers, both the Northern and Southern Frontiers were just like him. I knew many of them. Hey, I was one of them myself. We lived in the buffer zone between several space faring empires. 


"Your friend knew something, or whoever did this, thought she knew something. Maybe she was going to try to parlay what she knew or thought she knew into something. Maybe she got greedy. It happens," Emily Dickinson said over my objection. "You know that as well as I do, pussy cat. it happens. Since you don't know what it is and since people on Over the Moon or people who know people on Over the Moon are trying to keep you from knowing it, my advice, which you won't take, is to but out of it and just let it go. you've been around these crazy pirates long enough to know they will blow you away if you get too inquisitive. They've gotten rid of people who asked too many questions before. They've done it before and they'll do it again," Emily Dickinson said. 
," I said, "they haven't gotten rid of me." 
"Now are you going to tell me you have nine lives or something, pussy cat?" 
Silence. Then I said, "Some people might say so. I should be dead, but I am not. Tell me, something Emily Dickinson, what happens to your position here in Ptolemy City if whoever these people turn out to be are free to eliminate whoever they like for whatever reason they like. Over the Moon functions because there is a way of doing things. people are murdered. I know that. You know that. But the reasons for their deaths are known. They double crossed someone. They stole from someone. This is different. This is secret. When the League of Hypatian Pirates deals in secrets, none of us are safe, not you and not me, maybe especially not me. Besides you and Old Kelly, who here in Pharaoh Star System would care if a Star Runner turned up dead? No one. It would be good riddance to a curious pussy cat who smelled funny and oh dear, we will have to find someone else to make those smuggling voyages now and that would be all there would be to it. Humans would take longer to make those voyages. Some cargos might be lost. I am very good at what I do. I can outrun and out maneuver a lot of hostile spaceships, but in the end, someone else would come along to do the same work I do." 


"That's quite a speech for you, S. R.," Emily Dickinson said. "I didn't think you had it in you to be so humble." 
"I am a Star Runner," I said. "We are bred by the thousands on the Mother World. "Those that cannot serve are terminated. Those that become infirm or unreliable are terminated. We live for as long as we are useful. When we are no longer of service, we die. We know this when we are still juveniles. Why do you think we study? Why do you think we compete to excel. it is survival. We do not live to be old. We are used until we are used up. That is all. We are created to serve the gendered members of The Race. That is true here, too. I have not deluded myself into thinking any in the hierarchy of the League of Hypatian Pirates has my best interests at heart. I am useful." 
"If you continue to stick that cold nose of yours into their murder of Gwen Chen, you most likely will cease to be useful." 
"I have learned from my human friends, even you, Emily Dickinson, that there is more to life than usefulness. There are higher ideals and there is self-satisfaction," I said. "But I think I understand better now what is at stake. You have not helped me with the question I came to ask you. I came to find out what I should do next in my investigation and how I should proceed. What you have told me is that I am doing something very dangerous. I think I knew that already. However, I think I now know why I must do this." 
"Be careful, S. R." 
endeavor to be very careful. You know how to reach me, Emily Dickinson. If you think of something or hear something, please do so." 
And with that I left the cubicle. The time I had contracted for was almost up and it would not do for Emily Dickinson and I to be seen leaving together. In fact, it was time I left Shepheard's Hotel. I thought about going to crime Wave to see Old Kelly, but she could not help me with this investigation, at least, not at this stage. Old Kelly sold entertainment. I had a real mystery to solve. 




Chapter Six 


I stepped through the door of Shepheard's Hotel into Ptolemy City night. The night is real. I have lived most of my life in artificial environments. night is something artificial, the cycle of day and night maintained for convenience. Here the sky darkened naturally. Lights were necessary to see. I do not see as well as humans do. I see best a dawn and dusk, The Race's ancient time for hunting. Now, I moved carefully. Where in the Ptolemy City should I go? My shuttle would not return to Alexandria Space Station for several hours. Normally, I would have gone to a restaurant, but last evening's meal at Dish Dish had put me off human food. My reservation at The Cat and the Fiddle would be time enough to sample human food again. 
There was an unoccupied caravan camel waiting curbside. I stepped inside. The cars travel throughout Ptolemy City and come in several sizes. The smaller cars are known as donkeys. The midsize cars are camels while the large cars, used for large groups of people or freight are called elephants. 


"Hold that car," a voice said. 


I did. 


A man and a woman entered it after me, sitting across from me in the car. " Ankh Spaceport," the man said. 


This would take me away from the downtown area of Ptolemy, but waiting at the spaceport for my shuttle would not necessarily be a bad thing. I settled myself for a fairly lengthy and uncomfortable ride with these strangers. 


"Captain Star Runner," the woman said, "we regret to inform you that your friend Emily Dickinson was taken ill just after leaving the King Tut Entertainment Lounge. He is receiving medical care, but it is doubtful the paramedics will find the poison quickly enough. We thought you ought to know." 


And with that, her companion pressed the manual override to stop our Caravan Camel and they jumped out, pressing the door close control on its exterior and sending me on my continuing journey toward the Ankh Spaceport. 


My augmented brain processes information quickly. Given my link to Ship and the AI's considerable computing power, I realized these two individuals could well be those responsible for Emily Dickinson's poisoning. Who were they? Why had they told me? 


Before I could speak the words aloud, Ship had intervened and rerouted my Caravan Camel back to the Shepheard's Hotel. Finding the man and the woman myself in Ptolemy City would be difficult. I did have a vague image of them and their voice prints, however, none of this information would be particularly useful in identifying them. The light in the caravan Camel was poor and my eyesight worse. They spoke through fabric over their mouths. I could understand them, but the recording would match a myriad of voices. I called up Shepheard's hotel and relayed the information I had, offering to transport Emily Dickinson to the Asclepius Medical Facility on over the Moon if the emergency medical people could get me the necessary clearances. My caravan camel was again rerouted to Ankh Spaceport but this time it was a priority route. I braced myself as the Caravan camel went into high gear. I did not know these cars could move so quickly. I thought only designated vehicles could attain these speeds. It made sense that any car in the vast system could become an emergency vehicle. 


A private shuttle was already cleared for launch. A air car had been secured to transport Emily Dickinson. We were launching as soon as he could be secured. 


On the flight to Alexandria Space Station,, I worked with Space Traffic Control and Ship to bring the Loud Cows to a dock next to the shuttle terminal. Ship could release the Loud Cows from its cargo dock and re-dock at passenger terminal. We were given priority to leave Alexandria Space Station and dock at the Asclepius Medical Facility. There would not be a whole lot I could do. Although the Loud Cows could get to the Asclepius Medical Facility quickly, Emily Dickinson and the other humans needed less G's than I normally tolerated when I was in a hurry.My chief asset to Emily Dickinson and the medical personnel was the fact that I had a spacecraft that could leave as quickly as the Loud Cows. 
Strapped into my acceleration web, I could choose to monitor what was being said and done in the saloon. I chose not to. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo has explained to me such behavior is called eavesdropping and most humans consider it an invasion of privacy. Secondly, without considerable explanations from Ship, I probably would not understand what was being said or done and right now that sort of processing did not appeal to me. I wanted to be very attentive to shipboard operations, including our arrival at Asclepius medical Facility and whatever other processing time I had available to me must be devoted to this unprovoked attack on Emily Dickinson. Why was he singled out? If this was about Gwen Chen, why not go after me? Or is it that I am harder to poison than an unsuspecting human? Ship confirmed my hypothesis. The nanites in my system would immediately seek to guard me against poisoning and their analysis would be sent on to Ship immediately. This would cause Ship to consult its extensive medical database on star runners in particular and members of The Race in general. Although the personnel on Asclepius Medical Facility are not necessarily trained in Pantheran physiology, they would be able to work with Ship to correct any imbalance in my system, assuming it was a slow-working poison. This seems to be case in this situation. I suspect Emily Dickinson's assassins were willing to give him a chance to survive, might even been betting he would survive. How that played into their plan I did not know. There were so many things I did not know or understand. Anyway I looked at it, this business was much bigger than I had originally anticipated. As a result, my native curiosity was piqued. Curiosity, I remember one of my teachers back at the Institute saying, was good if it assisted learning. It was bad if it diverted me from my regular studies. They had had a point back then. But now? Was it still true. In contrast to Over the Moon, the docking facilities at Asclepius Medical Facility were state-of-the-art. It was necessary for me to land the Loud Cows. Medical personnel raced to the Loud Cows immediately and everyone left my spacecraft quickly. After filing all the necessary information with their Space Controller, I secured the Loud Cows and made my way to a waiting area. 
"I suppose you aren't family," the robot on duty said. 
"Not exactly," I said, "but I do not think Emily Dickinson has any family, or at least, not in this part of space." 
I was surprised a robot had been deployed in the waiting room. Then again, have a mobile, human-like machine could mean it interacted a great deal with family members and it could give the feeling that an individual was tending to them rather than an amorphous computer system. Perhaps, too, it meant certain information could be segregated from the Asclepius Medical Facility's database. 
"You have been designated as family," the robot said after a slight pause. "The patient is stabilized. We will need to monitor him for a while. please come this way." 
I went into a room where I found Emily Dickinson in bed, hooked up to monitors and with a perky woman by his side. 
"Can you give us some information about him?" the perky woman asked. 
"Who are you?" I asked in return. 
"I am his Human Interface," she said. "I do nursing and care." 
"I am Captain Star Runner," I said. 
"Happy to meet you, Captain Runner," she said. "I'm Daisy Duncan." 
Somehow, even I knew that probably was not her real name. It just sounded too perky. Nevertheless, I accepted the designation. "Captain Star Runner," I said to her. "It goes altogether." 
Okay," Daisy Duncan said. 
"How is Emily Dickinson?" I asked. 
"That is just such a strange name," Daisy Duncan said, "but he is going to be just fine. Now, speaking of Emily Dickinson, do you know his real name?" 
"I think Emily Dickinson is his real name," I said, "or if it is not, it has been his name for some time and might just as well be."She then asked me a number of questions to which I did not know the answers. Where Emily Dickinson lived. What his identification numbers were, his medical history. he was, I thought, simply my friend, Emily Dickinson. 
I returned to the Loud Cows long enough for a bio scan and to receive nutrition and eliminate, then returned to Emily Dickinson's side. He awoke some time before dawn. 
"Where the hell am I?" he asked, looking around the unfamiliar room. "And what the hell are you doing here, pussy cat?" 
"You are at Asclepius Medical Facility," I told him. "You were poisoned. I like your assassins joined me in a Caravan Camel and alerted me to your difficulty in time for me, and the emergency medical personnel at Shepheard's Hotel, to get you here." 
"How jolly. Real kind of them. How convenient to have your own personal medical transport team. I suppose I came in that rocket ship of yours." 
"Indeed," I said. "Spaceport Control was very helpful in getting us all the necessary clearances to get you here very quickly." 
"Glad I missed it," Emily Dickinson commented. "You flying a spaceship has always scared me." 
"I am, or at least I was, a top-rated star runner," I said. "You have no need for concern." 
"That is not what I meant, pussy cat, but thanks for your help--I mean that both facetiously and genuinely." 
"I don't understand," I said. 
"Talking to you probably prompted the poisoning," Emily Dickinson explained. 
"Yes, I think so, too," I said. 
"Thanking you for that means it pisses me off. I told you that from the start." 
"Yes, I am sorry," I said. 
"However, since I did get involved, despite my better judgment, thank you for doing what you could to save me. You probably did save my life." 
"Probably," I agreed. 
"Yo Pantherans are always so smug about everything," Emily Dickinson complained. 
I studied him. He did not flinch. 
"You have dealt with other members of The Race," I said. 
"Yes, in another life time," Emily Dickinson confirmed. "I'm not getting into it with you, but you can connect the dots it is why I'm out here in the Pharaoh Star System." 
Ship supplied the meaning of "connect the dots". So Emily Dickinson, too, was in exile because of the Pantheran Empire, or at least some individual members of The Race which amounts to the same thing. 
"I can take you back to Alexandria Space Station when you are ready to leave," I said. 
"We'll see, pussy cat. Don't feel you have to hang around here. I can take care of things from here." 
"Do you want me to leave now?" I asked. I often do not know when humans are dismissing me. 
"I thought a big shot operator like you was busy all the time." 
"I have a reservation for the Cat and the Fiddle for this evening," I said. "I do not know if it will lead to any more information about Gwen Chen--or maybe you, for that matter." 
"Well I sure as hell want to find out who the f--- wanted to kill me," Emily Dickinson said. "There's no police force that will look into the matter if I know anything about Ptolemy City P. D. PCPD is for the landlopers, you know, not for the likes of us. They won't investigate an attempted murder in Shepheard's Hotel unless the management wants them to and the management doesn't want police supervision among the rich and famous, not that I am one of those people. Anyway you look at it, S. R., you're the only one right now that can find anything out, but I don't want anybody putting anything into your crunchies." 
"I have Ship to monitor the food," I said. "My nanites can compensate anything that is put in my food." 
"Well, be careful," Emily Dickinson said as I got ready to leave. "And get your tail back here tomorrow to report. I should be ready to leave by then." 
And that is what I did. 
Chapter Seven 

Because of the Asclepius Medical Facility's regulations, I could not leave the Loud Cows at the Asclepius Medical Facility's land field. It was an inconvenience, having to pay to leave and come back into the Over the Moon Spaceport. The grime of Over the Moon was evident. 

I stayed strapped in the acceleration web. I felt tired. Vaguely I perceived Ship's evaluation that I was both physically, mentally and emotionally tired. Emily Dickinson's near brush with death had upset me more than I had realized. More than that, I realized my association with Emily Dickinson would never be the same again. Whereas I could previously drop by his perennial seat the Queen Nefertiti Bar for some conversation, my presence would remind him of this incident. Although I knew he very much wanted me to find out who had done this to him, I also knew that he blamed me for it. Emily Dickinson, whatever his past, was a person who knew how to cut his losses and move on, to get rid of his liabilities. I had become a liability. Emily Dickinson would assist me in finding out what had happened, but that would be the end of it. Another ending. I was feeling very isolated, very much alone. I considered my options--to make good on my rash speech at the Queen Nefertiti Bar or to simply quit the Pharaoh Star System and go somewhere else. But, despite the vastness of space, I was quickly running out of space in which to operate. The Coalition was closed to me. Both the Northern and the Southern Frontiers were problematic. The Pharaoh Star System had seemed a logical choice. It had been recommended to me by the Fungusians. 

The Fungusians. Could they help? Did they know anything that would be helpful to me? 

It should be noted that I do not deal with any one Fungusian exclusively. There is a collective and when I send a message, someone responds. That someone is my contact with the collective for some period of time and then that individual, though individual I am told is not quite the right concept, vanishes and I am passed to another someone. Someone, rather than individual, is the language we have adopted for communication. 

I had Ship put a call into the Fungusians, giving all the pertinent data and asking them two questions: 

1. Did have they have information on the matter to share? 

2. In their opinion, should I quite the Pharaoh Star System and my dealings with the League of Hypatian Pirates and go somewhere else? Please advise concerning this somewhere else. 

I suppose that is three questions, but if, in their opinion, they thought I ought to stay, the somewhere else question was unnecessary. Along with my query, Ship sent some backups to keep their database up-to-date. 

A response might not be immediate or even come at all. The Fungusians were a puzzling lot. 

I slept, asking Ship to wake me in time to keep my reservation at the Cat and the Fiddle. 

Ship wakened me earlier than I expected. The Fungusians had responded. Strange, I thought. Ship pointed out that our subscription had been due and Ship had renewed it, upgrading service because of some enhancements that would give me better security. The security updates were already installed and I could expect some faster processing speeds. Specifications for some nanites for my biological systems were also sent. Ship was reviewing them and had a consult with the Asclepius Medical Facility scheduled for the morning. I wondered how these enhancements would feel. Having parts of one's brain subtly modified is a very disconcerting experience. Ship sent calming agents my way. I felt them take hold along with some gentle massage. I purred contentedly. Being pampered felt nice. I wished Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo or Tamara were here. They were reliable and would be restful company. The thought of a new lover had its attractions, but the energy involved would be more than I was willing to expend at this juncture. 

The specific content of the answers to my questions streamed into my consciousness. Fungusians prefer this gradual awareness to direct conversation. They are telepaths and with my brain configuration, I find communicating with them a welcome change from human speech and incomprehensible body language. 

Not a voice this time. Images, memories, pictures brought together and fantastic combinations. They were touching brain receptors, causing physiological and emotional responses. Then the transmission ceased. I shuddered and twitched in the acceleration web. I felt off balance, unsatisfied, uncomfortable. Ship reported it was locked out of some of my subsystems so it could not relieve my stress. At first I was fearful. Had the Fungusians sabotaged my biological integrity? had I been wrong to trust them. Then, with Ship's help, I began to realize that the Fungusians wanted me to experience these feelings in order to receive their answer. Ship would regain access to my systems and my equilibrium would be restored. Not naturally having any sexual desire, I did not immediately recognize the feeling. Although I could control my appetite, bowels and bladder, I was not accustomed to doing so while strapped into the acceleration web. As the locks were lifted, I experienced the resolution of each system. Nothing was dampened as it usually was. I felt relief. 
When I was put back to rights, it was time for me to go to The Cat and the Fiddle. 

Not surprisingly, strings were playing when I entered the restaurant. The lighting was dim, the colors muted. I was led to a corner table. A suitable dinner was recommended to me. It was all very low stress. 

I was about halfway through my meal when a couple entered the restaurant and took a table. I recognized them though I had never met them. “The woman was serreli Greenstocking while the man was Jonathan Jelf. They were the pair I had met in the Caravan Camel. But they were not the people who had poisoned Emily Dickinson. At least,, I did not think they were. They owned an expensive art gallery near Old Kelly's book shop, Crime Wave. What were they doing here on Over the Moon? 


I had come to The Cat and the Fiddle to learn something about Gwen Chen's murder. Now I was confronted with another mystery. As I watched, 
it became clear to me that they were well-known here. I certainly needed to update my assessment of over the Moon as a rendezvous place. Maybe I had been missing out by only frequenting the Star Base Cafe on my trips to over the Moon and not spending more time up here on Planet View. Were my circles too small? Did I need to get out more, mix with more kinds of people? 

The more I learned, the more questions I had. The more questions I had, the more answers I needed to find. I was almost longing for the days when I was a star runner for the Pantheran military. I was not encouraged to think independently there but to do my job and do it well. And I had, do it well, though my independent streak had got me on the surplus list. 


The Cat and the Fiddle, I decided, was a suitable restaurant for two, but not as a designation for a single individual. I finished my meal and prepared to depart. Jonathan Jelf signaled to me to stop at their table. 

"Hello," Captain Star Runner," serreli Greenstocking said, "you're a friend of Old Kelly, aren't you? We've seen you in her shop." 

"Yes," I said, wondering if I could inquire about meeting them in the Caravan Camel last night. the Cat and the Fiddle did not seem a proper venue to do so somehow. 

"We've been hoping you would drop by the gallery," Serreli Greenstocking continued. We have a proposition for you." 

"However," Jonathan Jelf broke in, "we really need to show you some of the art before our proposition will make sense to you." 

"Will you be coming to Ptolemy City soon?" Serreli Greenstocking asked. 

"If it is worthwhile," I said, thinking that I would need to bring Emily Dickinson back there soon. 

"Suppose you come tomorrow," Serreli Greenstocking said. 

"Perhaps," I said. "It the matter urgent?" 

Jonathan Jelf and Serreli Greenstocking did something with their eyes. Humans did this a lot. Think it is called a meaningful look. 

"If you could, Captain Star Runner. It's very important. It's actually why we came to dinner here tonight, to speak with you about it," Serreli Greenstocking said. Her tone might have been imploring. At least, it sounded that way to me. 

And then, because my mind works very fast, I said the words aloud before I could consider their wisdom. "Why did not you ask me to come when we were on the Caravan Camel together last night?" 

Silence. I waited. They could not know with any certainty how I had intended the question, as challenge or mere curiosity. I do not speak with much inflection except when I am angry and then there is a lot of hissing and spitting to make my meaning clear. 

"We were in quite a hurry, Captain Star Runner," Serreli Greenstocking said finally. "We could not stop to chat. Our request, our desire to speak with you precedes the events of last night by several days. That is why we spoke to the Czarina to ask her to set something up with you. She was a bit too vague for our purposes with you. Please forgive us." 

"Why not just ask Old Kelly to ping me?" I asked. "I think that would have been far more direct." 

They both looked uncomfortable. 

"There's been a bit of a misunderstanding with Old Kelly, I'm afraid," Jonathan Jelf said. "We couldn't impose upon her just now." 

Curioser and Curioser, I thought. 

"Very well," I said. "I will come, though it will probably be evening before I can arrive." 

"splendid," Jonathan Jelf said. "Near closing time would be best." 

And that was all. 

I left the Cat and the Fiddle, more confused than ever. I peeked into Dish Dish, but I did not see the Czarina so I could not question her. 

I still had to sort out the Fungusians' message, check on Emily Dickinson and see about going back to Ptolemy City. I would check in with Old Kelly when I got there. This whole matter felt very muddled. If Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf had a business proposition, and that seemed a definite possibility, I might have something else to occupy my mind. I really longed to be off, to be doing what I was designed to, operate a spaceship. 


Chapter Eight 

«http://murverse.com/2008/05/10/the-news-from-poughkeepsie-day-19/» 
Creative Commons Attribution from Mur Lafferty 

All of this running back and forth was very unsettling. Although some star runners operate shuttles and space ferries, I was designed for long voyages. This means I find changes of direction, whether literal or figurative, hard on my system. I had wanted to spend some time at Over the Moon Spaceport so that I could go over the Star Base Cafe. I considered doing it now. I had the right to go into the Star Base Cafe at any hour, but knowing Diddle Diddle Street as I did, I knew both the brothels and the taverns would be crowded. It would be best to visit there of a morning. Despite the 24/7 nature of any spaceport, humans fall most happily into a day/night structure with the morning hours being the most quiet. Still restless with the unresolved biological conditions set by the Fungusians, I returned to the Loud Cows. How did gendered races deal with this sexuality condition? It was most distracting. I paced my lair, unable to settle down. Ship offer a sedative, but that did not appeal to me. What were the images the Fungusians had sent and what did they mean? They were a peculiar race, I thought, not always linear in their communications. The images meant something. They ought to mean something to me, but I could not figure it out. There were the aliens I had just dealt with and those I had had business dealings with in previous transactions. What were they doing? There were lots and lots of pictures of things, of aliens I did not know, places I had never seen. There were no database references I could use to sort it all out. 

At midnight, I finally strapped into my acceleration for Ship to do what it could with me. How I longed for natural sleep in my basket and a carefree voyage. Throat circumstance seemed to be more a distant memory of happier times than my current outlook or future potential. It was all quite depressing and I would have hissed and spat if I thought it would do any good and would change anything. I knew, from previous experience, it just made me feel foolish when it was all over so I gave it up and waited for sleep. 

It took a considerable amount of time to fetch Emily Dickinson from the Asclepius Medical Facility and get him settled in his apartment. I left without a good-bye or an invitation to visit in the future. I suppose being poisoned because of contact with an individual sours the relationship. Even so, I had acted quickly to prevent Emily Dickinson from dying and had stayed on at the Asclepius Medical Facility to check on his condition. Although his medical crisis would pay for the charges I had incurred, it did not compensate for my time. 

So I was in a very sour mood when I padded into Crime Wave. Old Kelly was talking to a very slight woman with long hair which framed her face. 

"Captain Star Runner," Old Kelly exclaimed, out loud. "You have not been seen in my shop for a very long time. How delightful of you to visit even though you do not read the books I sell. I want you to meet Fani. She rents my little place downstairs. Do you remember it?" 

"Yes, I said. It was a curious space. Crime Wave was located on what Shepheard's Hotel described as a pirate ship. It was not really a ship. It was a construction to look like a ship. It floated in the Nile River and was home to a variety of shops and restaurants. From time to time, the whole structure rocked because of being on the water. This always unnerved me. I do not like water and being off the land is even more alarming than being on it. I much prefer Space. In fact, with each passing minute I wanted more and more for the comfort of my Ship and the emptiness of space. When, or when, could I get back to it? 

"Old Kelly has told me about you," Fani said. "I find your adventures fascinating." 

"And do you work for Old Kelly?" I asked. 

"Oh, no," Fani said. "I'm a freelancer. I pick up work when its available. As it pays well, I have lots of free time and I'm reading my way through Old Kelly's store. I'm becoming quite a fixture here." 

"Oh," I said. "Do you like your work?" 

"Very much," Fani said. 

Old Kelly is a telepath from an unaligned world somewhere in the Southern Frontier. She was imprisoned for a very long time because of witchcraft and was eventually released to locate a rogue teleportation device. I met her on that adventure. Having won her freedom and having no desire to return to her world, Old Kelly had opened up this bookshop and as far as I knew was making a go of it here. 

"You seem like you could use a cup of tea," Old Kelly pronounced. "Come with me Captain Star Runner and I'll fix you up." 

Old Kelly knew full well I never drank tea. It is hot and I do not like drinking hot liquids. However, it was a plausible excuse for us to leave Fani to her reading and to go into Old Kelly's quarters behind the shop. 

When doors were closed and the kettle was on for Old Kelly's tea, she said, "You are under considerable stress, Captain Star Runner. I hardly need to be a telepath to read that." 

"Maybe you can make sense of things," I said. "Take a look around and tell me what you see." 

Her touch is quite different than that of the Fungusians. It is the difference between a fungus touching you skin and a warm-blooded creature touching your skin. With Old Kelly, it was not so much a looking around as a handling with her hands and fingers. She rubbed, poked, moved things around. I sat still, trying not to resist her examination. Old Kelly was silent for a long time when she withdrew from my mind. 

"Well, you certainly have been chasing your tail," Old Kelly said, sipping from her tea cup. 

"No," I protested. 

"It is an expression," Old Kelly explained. "It means going around and around, usually in thought, going over the same ground, doing the same thing over and over again without accomplishing anything." 

"Chasing my tail," I said. "Juveniles do that in the nursery." 

"Yes," Old Kelly said. "Do you know why?" 

"For fun," I said. "It also is exercise and helps with coordination. It also makes one dizzy and falling down can be fun with the room spinning around oneself. I remember doing it, but it is a thing for juveniles, not a grown androgyn." 

"Yet each of us experiences chasing our tails, whether we have tails or not, in some circumstances in life," Old Kelly said. "I could treat some of your discomfort. Ship and I have worked together in the past. I did find some of the knots the Fungusians tied you up in." 
"Knots?" I inquired. 
"Another metaphor," Old Kelly said. "They obvious know something or suspect something and are trying, in their manner of communication, to point them out to you. I don't understand what I saw and I would be a meddling fool to attempt to untie their knots. I can see that they will untie themselves of their own accord when you receive the right stimulus. Meanwhile, I can help you sort out some of your disruptive thought processes. Your AI is unfamiliar with the kind of stress you have been under and therefore cannot remedy the difficulty. I can help establish healthier routines that your AI can call upon in the future." 

'That would be a great relief," I said. But before we do anything like that, I need answers to a few questions." 

"Proceed," Old Kelly said. 

"Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf." 

"The art gallery people," Old Kelly said. 

"Yes, they said there was some sort of difficulty with you." 

"None at all," Old Kelly said, "except that they know I am a telepath and they have things to hide." 

"Such as," I asked. 

'They deal in stolen treasures of art," old Kelly said. "If I am not mistaken, you have transported some of it. Did you know?" 

"No," I said, "I have transported artwork? Why? I may be a smuggler, but I usually deal in armaments, not pictures." 

"It is possible some of those images you received from the Fungusians were not pictures of aliens or places themselves, but of art depicting them. That is what the League of Hypatian Pirates are sending you out there for. They would command a high price to the visitors here on Hypatia who have everything. Artwork from an alien empire is rare indeed. Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf have connections to the League of Hypatian Pirates and whatever documents they generate for the Pantheran authorities they are definitely forged. However, they have standing in the art community and therefore their documentation is not suspect." 

"So you think the business proposition they have for me concerns artwork," I asked. 

"Or some other business for the League of Hypatian Pirates," Old Kelly said. 

"I wonder why I had to come here to their art gallery," I said. 

"perhaps they need to show you something," Old Kelly said. "Perhaps you are being asked to do more than pick up a cargo." 

"Hmm," I said. "I know about armaments. I do not know about art." 

"Maybe you will now" Old Kelly said. 

I returned to the shop and made myself comfortable in front of Old Kelly's fire pit. It was not a live fire. It was a facsimile of one though the heat was real enough. Stretched out on the floor, I looked like part of the decor so there was considerable upset to Old Kelly's patrons when I got up off the floor for my appointment at the art gallery. 

Chapter Nine 

I had to think hard about what Old Kelly said about the artwork. How could pictures be dangerous? They were pictures of aliens. We did not know much about these beings. It was their artwork. It was not a picture that could get anyone into trouble. Why was Gwen Chen dead? Why had Emily Dickinson been poisoned? What business could Jonathan Jelf and Serreli Greenstocking have with poisoners and shooters? None of this made any sense. 

I began to correlate what I knew about the aliens. I simply called them that, the aliens. Usually, I make a study of something new, but there is not anything to study. I had spent my time focusing on navigation. I needed to get the essentials before my mind and then add any necessary details. Ship sometimes had trouble sorting out the minutia from the necessary. I did not want a dump of information--everything we had on file abut the aliens. 

Okay, they were the Azulees. They were amphibious. The artwork was created on land. The Azulees were warlike. They guarded their borders ruthlessly. They had no interest in having friendly relations with their space faring neighbors. They considered themselves superior especially since their galactic neighbors were mammalian on one side and reptilian on the other. They considered amphibians to be a more highly evolved life form. They found me more acceptable than human beings because I had fur and like them needed no clothing. I was also a competent navigator, something they prized. 

But none of this gave me any clues. Surely the Azulees were not engaging in assassination. That was just too far-fetched. So if not the Azulees, then who? 

"You seem lost in thought, Captain Star Runner," Fani said. 

"Yes," I said. "Do you know anything about assassination?" 

"Yes, as a matter of fact I do," Fani said. 

This was not the response I had expected, but I might as well ask the next question to see where this would lead me. 

""Do tell," I said. 

"I am an assassin," Fani said. "I am a member of the Assassin's Guild and I most often work for the League of Hypatian Pirates." 

"Do you have a contract now?" I asked. I hoped it was not me. I would be quite vulnerable, having a face-to-face with my assassin, but then maybe Fani would explain herself. 

"Not exactly," Fani said. 

"What do you mean, not exactly?" I asked. "You either are going to kill someone or you are not. How can that be questionable enterprise?" 

"Well, you see, Captain Star Runner," Fani explained. "It depends on what you do?" 

"What I do?" I asked. "Your contract is to kill me?" 

"Not directly," Fani said. I was relieved she was beginning to fidget. "You have never been the target of any of my work. It's just--it's just that you may learn something, be somewhere, get involved in a way that is unacceptable." 

"To whom?" I asked. 

"The League of Hypatian Pirates is quite satisfied with your work and you have been very useful to them," Fani went on, "it's just, well, you're curious abut things. You ask questions. You draw attention to yourself. I don't know if that is intentional on your part or just because you're the only Pantheran in the system. Depending on who is involved, the attention could get to be a problem." 

"So you're in reserve?" I asked. 

This conversation seemed crazy, even by human standards and humans, I had learned, often have very strange conversations. 

"No," Fani said. "There is someone I need to kill." 

"And you don't mind being an assassin?" I asked. 

"It's what I do," Fani said. "I'm good at it." 

I wanted to object, but her words sounded like my words when I explained being an androgyn and being a Star Runner to Tamara. 

"I see," I said. 

"Were you the one who killed Gwen Chen?" 

'Good heavens, no," Fani said. "I would have handled that far more discretely. You would have never known she was murdered." 

"Can you tell me why she was murdered," I asked. "I want to know." 

"I know you want to know," Fani said. "I really don't know the details, Captain Star Runner, and if I did, professional ethics would prohibit me from sharing information with you." 

"You've told me that you might need to kill me," I said. "Is not that a breach of professional ethics?" 

"No," Fani said. "Sometimes telling people they are on a watch list changes their behavior. Besides, you're a friend of Old Kelly's and I like her. I think I could like you, too. She's spoken to me about you." 

I considered this. I was not sure I liked Old Kelly talking about me but I could not stop her from doing so. 

"Maybe you should get to know me better, to give me some pointers on how to stay alive," I said. "I am rather invested in staying alive. I have gone to great lengths to do so." 

"I know," Fani said. "It's almost like you are a cat with nine lives." 

"I am not like a cat," I said defensively. "I have not physically lost my life at any time." 


"But you're on the Pantheran's termination list," Fani said eagerly. 

"That is a bit different than being physically dead," I said. 

"True," Fani said. 

"Did you poison Emily Dickinson?" I asked. 

"No," Fani said. "He would have been dead if I had. I don't make mistakes." 

"That was another mistake?" I asked. 

"Yes," Fani said. 

"Let me get this straight," I said. "You did not kill Gwen Chen, but someone did and they made a mess of it. You did not poison Emily Dickinson. Someone else also made a mess of that." 

"That's right," Fani said. "I don't know who is doing these jobs. They ought to be fired or assassinated them self." 

"And Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf did not kill Gwen Chen or poison Emily Dickinson," I said, "though they told me about Emily Dickinson's poisoning." 

'Did they?" Fani asked. 

"Yes, in a Caravan Camel when I left Shepheard's Hotel." 

"I didn't know that," Fani said. "They're involved then?" 

"I don't know. I have an appointment with them about now. Do you want to come with me?" 

"Oh, that would be very helpful," Fani said. "Afterward, we can go out somewhere." 

I looked her over. There was that tickle the Fungusians had implanted. Old Kelly called it a biological knot. Sexual attraction. It was a strange feeling. I wondered how a date with my potential assassin would be. One way to find out, I supposed. Fani could poison my food, take me to bed and slit my throat while I slept, but then again,, it would be so obvious. 

I did not know it at the time, but I learned later that most people are murdered by people they know not strangers. If had known this, I might have acted differently. Then again, I might not still be alive. 

Fani went for her hat. Fani always wears a hat when she goes out, even here on Hypatia where everything is under a dome and therefore in a controlled atmosphere. 

it was nighttime on Hypatia. It was quite bright in the street outside Crime Wave. Cleopatra was high in the sky, Mark Antony, always trailing behind her, had not yet risen. 

We entered the art gallery. I did not see a name for it. No one was inside. The bell on the door jingled, but neither Serreli Greenstocking nor Jonathan Jelf presented themselves. Fani and I walked deeper into the gallery. She paused to look at different pieces of artwork hung on the wall. I had never paid much attention to such items. Ship had a full catalog of pictures. I had never known why anyone would go to an art gallery or buy any artwork to possess. It all seemed rather peculiar to me. I hadn't realized two-dimensional paintings could have depth or statues could appear to move. I was used to holos and videos. I was used to stories, not studies. In the old days, members of the Race had sung ballads about great deeds, but never painted them. Only humans, and now Azulees, painted anything. There were photographs, too. Again, some of these were two-dimensional and some not even color images. I paused to consider a group a these. They were so much easier for me to see. I began to appreciate the form. 

Fani came to stand by me. 

"They're not here," Fani said. "I've called, but there's no answer." 

"They said to meet them here when they closed," I said. "It is closing time now. Is there somewhere else, another part of the gallery, perhaps a workroom or a storage area? Old Kelly has living quarters. Are there any here?" 

"I suppose there must be," Fani said. "This shop is right next to Crime Wave. The layout might be similar." 

We opened a door and stepped into what must be a living space. We found Jonathan Jelf and Serreli Greenstocking--quite dead. They were bound. Their throats had been cut. There was blood everywhere. 

I sent word for Ship to report their deaths. Any examination of the area would reveal I had been here. Fuchsia-colored fur is easy to identify. If Fani wanted to leave, she could came. There are not a lot of laws to enforce in Ptolemy City. That is why people come here to do business, to be free of restrictions. However, people cannot be murdered in their shops. It is bad for business. Besides, the people who work in these shops are necessary. Robotic sales staff proved to have their limitations some time ago and the personal touch is needed, especially among the rich and famous. 

So there are police and they came. Fani was particularly helpful. She could give times and tell a coherent story. I could recreate all her information, but I could not make sense of police procedure. I thought it ought to be very straight forward, but there was a lot of circuitous questioning and asking about things not germane to the case. I rather decided the policeman--his name was Troy Adamson--rather thought I was a nefarious character and that I had been too closely associated with several unresolved matters and my presence at each one was suspicious. I wondered for a short time if he was going to incarcerate me. In the end, however, he said he was finished with us for the time-being. We were free to go though I sensed he wanted us to stay nearby. He could not require that on Hypatia, however, so he did not say that. 

"Well,"I said to Fani, "I'm sorry neither of us learned anything useful tonight." 

Fani had brought me to a out-of-the-way place, a place frequented by landlopers, not Hypatian high rollers. There was a guitarist who sang simply. 

"On the contrary," Fani said. "We learned a great deal tonight." 

"Like what?" I said, "that the police suspect me?" 

"That for one thing," Fani said. "'/More importantly, we learned someone else did not want Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf talking to you." 

"It's back to me again," I said. "I laid a paw on the table. I lifted first one toe, than another. "Gwen Chen dies before she can talk to me. I am expected back in the Pharaoh Star System. After talking to me, Emily Dickinson is poisoned and would have died if I had not been told by Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf that his medical emergency is poisoning. I then have an appointment with Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf and I find them murdered. Meanwhile, the Czarina has interceded with me on behalf of Serreli Greenstock and Jonathan Jelf and you are under contract should I need to be disposed of. Does that sum it up?" 

"Basically," Fani agreed. 

"And you can't tell me who is responsible for all this and why?" 

"I don't know, Captain Star Runner," Fani said. 

I wanted to talk to someone. I wanted to ask Emily Dickinson or the Fungusians or even Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo if any of this made sense and if I was in danger. Could I trust Fani? I wanted to trust Fani but I could not tell if that was me or if that was the biological knot the Fungusians had tied in my brain. I kept thinking of the images of the Azulees and their artwork. There had been no Azulees artwork in the art gallery that I had seen. Emily Dickinson may not have even heard of the Azulees. I did not think they figured in his comic sketches. What would Gwen Chen have known of the Azulees? 

Maybe, just maybe, I thought, Gwen Chen did know something about the Azulees. Was that possible? Could she have overheard something? Or, could her estranged family members have something to do with this? What had brought her to Pharaoh Star System? I put Ship on this. If I knew, it was in the archives. I set Ship checking into Emily Dickinson's background. Things better left unsaid may have a connection somewhere to someone. And, for that matter, I thought, Ship ought to check into Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf. That done, I returned my attention to Fani. Although it had seemed a long time to me, Fani would not have noticed the time it took for my directions to go to the Loud Cows' AI. 

"So, are you ready for a fun time with me?" Fani asked. 

She was a bubbly thing. There was, I thought, an infectious sense of unreality about her. Maybe an assassin needed that to do her work. Maybe life needed to be unreal so that death could be unreal, too. Despite what Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo might have said, I was hooked and fascinated and I trotted off beside back toward Crime Wave. it was going to be a fun rest of the evening. U 

Chapter Ten 

Fani lived on the lower level of the pirate ship anchored in an artificial tributary to the Nile River. It was necessary to create the lagoon for boats so that it could be contained inside the dome. People inside the Ptolemy City referred to it as the Nile though in point of fact it is not. 

The pirate ship is not an artificial structure. it was constructed to float independently although it has all the amenities any shopping area in Ptolemy city has. Fani's quarters were along one side of the hull so the wall was curved and her windows were round portholes. Both floor and walls were carpeted. Fani had little furniture. She preferred cushions on the floor which I could also lay on or against. I found this quite civilized. 

As for the Fungusian biological knot, I was able to employ it in what followed. It was different from previous encounters I have had in that Fani was not only creative, she giggled a lot and wanted to play games. My impression that Fani's grasp on reality and life was different from any other human's I had known up to this point was confirmed. I wondered if this carefree attitude was because she was an assassin or despite it. I wondered, too, if Fani simply thought of killing as a game. The bodies of Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf did not look like any game to me. The blood and the obvious torture made their deaths anything other than a game. Juveniles even among androgyns play games so I am aware of what make-believe and fantasies are. In fact, living in our heads as we do, star runners are very susceptible to losing themselves in virtual reality. Some even get so deep into their make-believe worlds they cannot extricate themselves and become of no use to their spacecraft. If this happens when the star runner is responsible for extracting a spaceship from hyperspace, it can and has imperiled entire crews. It is rare for a spaceship so compromised to return to normal space and therefore to have its crew survive. 

One of the ways to avoid being compromised in this manner is to set up safeguards. Even in Fani's quarters, I gave a command to my implant to relay to Ship to oversee my thought processes. I needed the implant to manipulate my receptors so that I could experience what Fani did as if I were a gendered member of The Race. however, should it become necessary, Ship could extricate me from at his role. 

It proved unnecessary. Nevertheless, I was satisfied that I had done the right thing. I could see where Fani's attractiveness and role-playing could draw me in and make me lose track of who I was. Oh, and Fani said I was the best ever. I don't know if I ought to believe her. I rather doubt I could be, being androgynous. On the other hand, perhaps a human being would not have been as willing to do the things she wanted to do and to play as she wanted to play. It is all fascinating and, not to put too fine appoint on it, all material for my pornographic database. 

Fani liked the roughness of am tongue, what I could do with my lips and teeth, the way my whiskers felt. Fani investigated every part of my body, sticking her fingers and tongue in everywhere, running her nails over me, playing with my tail and the tips of my ears. When she understood how I utilized Ship's ability to do things in my brain, Fani would touch me in a certain way and describe the reaction she was after. Ship followed her lead. It was, well, quite enjoyable. 

In the morning, there were more questions from the police, not that I knew anything more in the morning than I had known in the afternoon. I was getting to lodge a complaint, to declare that I was being harassed and suspected of wrongdoing simply because I was a member of the Race. I was getting quite snarly with Troy Adamson when a familiar voice cried, "Captain Star Runner, there you are. I've been looking all over Ptolemy City for you." 

It was Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. Although her rank and position is not officially recognized in the Pharaoh Star System, her identification gave her some pull with the Ptolemy Police Force. My interview with them was wrapped up quickly. 

"What are you doing here," I finally asked when we were seated at a table in an out-of-the-way place for lunch. I had wanted to take Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo to Shepheard's Hotel for a proper meal, but she had declined my invitation. 

"Looking for you," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I came to Alexandria Space Station and found the Loud Cows, of course, but you had your ship buttoned up tight. The Loud Cows wouldn't give me any information about you until I convinced Ship to divert from its intruder alert programming in order to recognize me as a friend. Once I sorted that all out with your AI, I got more information so I could find you." 

"I wish the police did not find me a person of such interest," I complained. 

"I think that young detective is more interested in you than in solving the crime," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You are either his hero or his anti-hero. I can't tell yet which it is but he has amassed a great deal of information about you. It's not good for him to be so interested in you. He's not doing his job right because of it." Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo set down her coffee cup. "Who's that pixy you were with?" 

"Fani," I said. "She is an assassin. She may be asked to kill me." 

"And that is why you hang out with her, so it will be easier for her to assassinate when the time is right?" 

"She is, interesting," I said. 

"More fodder for your database," 

"In part," I said. "She understands now how I operate it and she will play along. It makes things, fun." 

"You and I have had fun," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Yes, we have," I said. "Are you jealous." 

"That a police detective has a crush on you and that a hired gun turns you on? Yes, I'm jealous. I've always found you sexy, Star, you know that. Even though I can't imagine how you could be a mate for me, you do know how to satisfy me and I like that. But that's not why I'm here." 

'Why are you here?" I asked. "You have no jurisdiction here, no authority." 

"That's true enough," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I'm not here officially. I'm actually on leave." 

"So you came here to have a vacation?" I asked. 

"No, I came here because I think you are in danger and I came here to warn you and to help you." 

"What kind of danger?" I asked. 

"I think you are in danger of becoming a pawn in a much larger game." 

"Explain," I said. "I think something is going on here but I cannot figure it out." 

"I'm not surprised," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "This isn't the sort of thing you're designed to handle. 

"The Fungusians contacted me to help you. They said you had contacted them and that they had sent you some information but that I might be able to do more with the information they had and that I might be able to help you more directly." 

"how did they contact you?" I asked. 

'They sent a message through channels with a priority flag. Basically, they hacked our system but given the Fungusian expertise in communications systems, they could hack anything so I don't consider it a breech of security. They needed to get a message through and they got it through to me." 

"I do not believe you do not think it is a security breech," I said. "You want to know how they did it." 

"Of course I want to know how they did it," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I just don't think we'll be able to figure it out so I didn't write it up as a security breech." 

"Okay," I said, "what can you tell me." 

"You've been dealing with the Azulee Empire," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Yes," I said. Since she already knew this, there was no point in denying it. Usually, I protected my clients. However, this was a general statement about the whole race. 

"You have been transporting artwork from Azulee space to here." 

"Yes," I said. "I am paid well." 

"Of course. you go a long way. The route is not generally known. You deal with aliens who do not respect either humans or Pantherans and you disregard their abusive behavior because it doesn't affect your sensibilities so long as you get the cargo and you are paid. You bring the cargo here and its rarity brings a high price so your Hypatian client can pay you well, pay the Azulee well and make a large profit." 

"All this is true. I do not see where the difficulty lies,' I said. 

'What do you think the Azulee get out of the deal." 

"My cargo," I said. 

"Right," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "And because you do not ask and do not tell, you don't know what you are transporting to the Azulees." 

"Is it important?" I asked. 

"It's the whole point," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. 'That is what is getting people killed. That is what might cause that pixy girl to kill you." 

I was indignant. "I am just carrying out a business transaction." 

"Don't get all puffed up," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "In your business, not knowing what you are transporting is normal and expected. But you do need to know what you are transporting to understand what the brouhaha is all about." 

"Okay," I said, "what is it?" 

"Genetic information," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said and waited for me to respond. 

I said nothing. Genetic information was just that, information. 
\ 

"Pantheran Empire, Coalition Intelligence believes the Azulees are using this genetic information to construct a biological weapon to be used against us." 

"So who is killing the people around me and why am I not a target?" I asked. 

"Because you are the link between the suppliers of the information and the artwork," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "If you are eliminated, the transactions stop and then we don't know how far the Azulees have gotten or what they're looking for.." 

"But, at some point," I said, "The Azulees will have all the need or the Pantheran Empire, the Coalition, will move against the Azulees. At that point, I will be superfluous." 

"Precisely," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. "I don't want that to happen." 

"So what should I do?" I asked. 

"I don't know yet," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I can't extricate you from this immediately. I need more information, information I think you can get for me." 

"How?" I asked. 

"By doing another run and taking me with you," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"And keeping an eye on Fani," I said. 

"That, too," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and I thought I detected reluctance. 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and I walked along the edge of the artificial Nile River. I walked upright next to her, holding her hand in my paw. our touch was familiar and easy. My stomach did not flutter as it had when I took Fani's hand. Had my stomach ever fluttered when I touched captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo? I did not think so. I stopped a search of the archives. the Fungusian biological knot must be reckoned with. I wondered idly if I could have the Fungusians engineer these knots as a permanent condition, then decided against it. it might be entertaining to be able to have one inserted from time to time, but I rejected this eventuality, too. I am, after all, androgyn, no more, no less. such modifications to simulate a gendered member of the Race could have unforeseen consequences, in fact, did have unforeseen consequences. here I was, enamored of my own assassin. here I was, possibly endangering myself if this assassin turned out to be jealous of someone else's attentions, by resuming a previous relationship which was, to be candid, on again and off again as it suited captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. I suspected if was off when she found a human to interest her. when she was between humans, captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo came back to me. Or was it, as captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, a question of my safety and so we had resumed our relationship because we were together. Was that really how it was. When circumstances permitted, we were a couple. When circumstances did not permit it, we were apart. No wonder captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo found it difficult. Humans like things settled. They do not go along with things being one way and then another. Old Kelly had once described this way of my being as "going with the flow" and she had suggested I think about the Nile River to understand this meaning. Our constant separation was like the water spinning around in a whirlpool. Bodies got dashed when that happened. I had seen it. 

"do you have a plan for the future?" I asked. 

"We have to find out who is shipping genetic information to the Azulees and stop them," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I thought that was obvious." 

"I did not think so," I said. 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo stopped suddenly. 

"You don't think so? Why?" 

"I think the military can counteract any biological weapon they come up with," I said. "I'm sure the Consortium has a way to communicate with the Coalition and tell them this is what is happening and from there it will be handled. It is not my business to stop it. The trade is lucrative for me while it lasts." 

"But you are at risk," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo insisted. "Didn't you understand this?" 

"I thought there was a potential that my life was at risk. That is what I understood from Fani," I said. 

"Fani has you bewitched," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. She sounded angry. "Get this through at hat furry brain of yours, Star Runner. Fani does not have your best interest at heart no matter how interesting and lucrative your porn sales are. She's trying to get close to you. She's trying to lull you into trusting her and opening yourself up to a quick kill." 

"And how do you think Fani will explain it?" I asked. "It can't be seen as some random act of violence. Most people are killed by people they know. The police know this. They will assume Fani perpetrated the crime." 

"Because Fani will insist it was an accident, some lurid sex act gone wrong. Trust me, Star, she's working it out. That's why she had you do all that stuff last night, getting your measure, seeing where you were vulnerable. She probably has her own recording and she's going over it right now to find your weaknesses and plan the best way to get away with killing you. I don't want to see that happen, oh whiskered one.." 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo would not call me pussy cat the way Emily Dickinson did, but it was the same thing. Maybe I should tell her I rather liked pussy cat. It was a better term of endearment to whiskered one. I had fine whiskers and no one should make fun of them. 

"You wound me," I said. "I have fine whiskers, for one thing, and for another, I am with you now. You always awake precedence." 

"Is that really true, Star?" captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked, a catch in her throat. 

"Yes," I said. "It really does." 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo put her arms around me and pressed her face into the fur of my neck. I stood very still, feeling her tremble. Human emotions are quite strange. I don't really understand them though I am getting a bit better with them as time goes on. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was crying but I did not think she was sad. Tamara once told crying could mean a person was happy. 

"Let's walk," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said presently. 

"Star, you have a great deal of confidence in the Coalition. That's probably something genetic. I can't imagine the Pantherans wouldn't have bred into a strong sense of loyalty to your race, but the Coalition is not invulnerable. Millions could be wiped out by biological weapons." 

"Gyllian," I said, struggling to use her given name only and not her entire name with rank. 

"Yes, Star." 

"I think the time has come for me to say something." 

"Yes, what is it?" 

"The Coalition is only a front. It is the Pantheran Empire I trust. I know it and I have a checkered history, but genetic or not, I trust it to protect itself." 

"But billions could die." 

"Perhaps," I said. "But the Race will go on. And if the Race persists, nothing is lost. You might call it my genetic programming, but that is what I was taught and I have had no reason to doubt it with all that has happened to me." 

"You really believe that, don't you?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Of course," I said. "We simply say that the Mother of Us All watches over the Mother World and we will survive. I suspect with all the genetic engineering that has been done, the Mother World could be destroyed and all the members of the Race with it and the Race could be reconstituted in a good laboratory. That is the boast, anyway. I heard it while I was growing up at the Institute. 

"Do you know," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "The Institute is the only shorthand you routinely use." 

"Yes," I said. "I also use AI." 

"That's true," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo agreed. 

"You and I just have such a different perspective on this. I, and I think most humans, want to save all those billions of people, as many as we can. You don't assess risk in terms of individuals. You think very big picture." 

"When you are as useful as a star runner and as unimportant as an individual, the long view makes sense," I said. 

"Don't you want to survive?" 

"Very definitely," I said and squeezed her hand, hoping I did not put too much pressure on it. "You ought to know that by now." 

"Ouch," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Did I squeeze too hard? I'm sorry. I still do not know how much is too much." 

"You're getting better," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I don't need to wonder if you broke any bones." 

We walked in silence for a time. 

"When I'm walking like this with you," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "I forget all about genetic engineering and the fact that we are very different. I think we should just get into the Loud Cows and go somewhere away from the Consortium and the Coalition and assassins and the Azulees and that out there, somewhere, we could live happily ever after together." 

"if only that were possible," I said, "but, of course, it's not. We would each become restless in our own way and from what I know about your happy ever after, it lasts for a very long, long time." 

"Yes, that is the point of happy ever after." 

"I won't exist for a very long, long time," I said. "I am well-maintained, but a time will come when my optimum condition will not be maintainable. Star Runners do not have a life expectancy as long as humans, you know. I don't know of any studies of what happens if a star runner lives like a human, I mean, works on its own, does not work endlessly until it is used up. A walk like this with someone important is unknown to any other star runner." 

We were silent. We contemplated both the annihilation of two races and our own mortality. Mine could be very close at hand. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's mortality could also be close at hand if she defended me and I knew that if she could, she would do just that. 

'Will you help me?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. "Can you do this on spec?" 

I knew Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had no funds to pay me. Whatever she had in mind, we would be on our own. If remuneration ever came, it would not cover the actual cost. Governments were far more apt to make speeches than provide adequate funding. And, if we were successful, nothing might ever be said. The less the population of the Frontiers, the Coalition and even the Pharaoh Star System knew the better. 

"If you want to," I said. "I just want to know why Gwen Chen was murdered." 

"We'll try to find out," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo promised. 

Chapter Eleven 

Planning a mission with Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo required that I return to the Loud Cows as soon as possible. I insisted spending the evening with Fani would be necessary. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo did not like that. Whatever she imagined we did, we did more. The recordings were quite juicy. I gave them to Ship to prepare a rough cut for the database--I always review these myself and make any necessary additions or deletions--and I had Ship build a routine suitable for Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and me. Despite her rather frosty public image, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo could be described as hot when she got behind closed doors. 

I simply told Fani I had a job to do and I would return to Ptolemy City as soon as I could. She asked for all sorts of pinging information. I simply said I would be untraceable and gave her my business clearing house address. That would be routed through Dirty World Station and perhaps even Queen's World. I doubted even the League of Hypatian Pirates could crack all my security. It had been designed by the Fungusians. 

Thankfully, I had an AI to keep up with Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. She had a great deal of data to process and a great amount of supplies to assemble. I suggested we go back to over the Moon to accept delivery. Captain Gyllian Romeres thought this might let the League of Hypatian pirates into our plans, but I pointed that Alexandria Space Station was too pristine a spaceport for some of the items captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo wanted to be shipped in.. Reluctantly, she agreed and we made our way there. 

I was surprised when I got there ... 

Chapter Eleven 


It amazes me the amount of supplies humans need to go into space--food stuffs of all kinds, bedding, things for the galley--stores, stores and more stores. From the seemingly endless amounts of boxes that came aboard, I was beginning to think we would be in Space for several years before we would restock. I queried Ship to find out if I had an equivalent amount of stores on hand for myself. Ship responded that I had three times as much food and medical supplies onboard as did Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. I was relieved. I knew I carried two years worth of supplies so, at most, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was only planing a six month voyage with a two month margin of error. Whatever this project wouldn't, it would be over in that time. Then I could get back to being a well-paid smuggler. I was liking that idea better and better every day. 

Fani had accepted my departure with giggles and a kiss on my nose. "You have a good time with your straight-laced captain," Fani said. "Remember, I'm much more fun." 


Fun? How could an assassin, particularly an assassin with a conditional contract to assassinate me, consider herself fun? The more time I spent with Fani, the more I wondered whether she was responsible for the deaths of Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf. Fani's sense of play might extend to the intricate way they were bound and the torture they had undergone before death. Apparently, some of the evidence I had seen had been inflicted postmortem. 

On the other hand, if I thought of Fani as an assassin artist and if I recalled that members of The Race had been hunters who stalked their prey and enjoyed striking fear into their victims, perhaps I could understand Fani's motivations? Of course, all of this was speculation, I reminded myself. I only had a hunch hat Fani had killed Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf. I had innocence evidence. If the Ptolemy City police detective Troy Adamson had any evidence linking Fani to the murders, would he arrest a professional assassin under contract to the League of Hypatian Pirates? I did not know the answer to this question. 

The hatch of the Loud Cows stood open to the landing field. Ship was in watchful mode which allowed properly manifested cargo to be carried on without challenge but nothing else when I heard a familiar voice call: "Ahoy the Loud Cows." 

I went to the edge of my Lair to inquire why Emily Dickinson was on Cleopatra and standing at the top of the gangway leading to the Loud Cows. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo came from somewhere else aboard the Loud Cows to look over my shoulder. 

"Eberhardt," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

Eberhardt? Was that Emily Dickinson's former identity? 

"Gyllian Lujo," Emily Dickinson said. 

I looked from one to the other. Gyllie Lujo? Did these two know each other? Did Emily Dickinson's murky past include my straight-laced captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo? No one called her Gyllie Lujo--no one that I knew anyway? 

"It's been a long time, girl," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Yes, it has." captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "How have you been?" 

"Why don't you ask the pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Why don't you come onboard," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "if that's all right with you, captain star runner." It was after all my ship. I am the one ho decides who comes aboard and who doesn't. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had overstepped and she knew it. 

"I thought," I said to Emily Dickinson in the ensuing silence, "that you never wanted to be on the Loud Cows or see me near you again." 

I thought I ought to make this point. Whatever was going on between captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily dickinson, Emily dickinson had made it clear our association was at an end since being poisoned and almost dying made contact with me too dangerous, or so Emily Dickinson had said and quite forcefully and, to be honest, quite rudely. 

"Yeah, I guess I was pretty hard on you the other day, pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. You did save my life but getting me to the Asclepius Medical Center so promptly. Then on the other hand, it was talking to you that got me poisoned in the first place. I thought maybe hanging out with you was not a wise course of action." 

"Yet you have come to my ship," I said. 

"Actually, I came to talk to Gyllie." 

"Star," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo put her hand on my shoulder. "If you would rather I talk to Eberhardt off your ship, we can do that." 

"Why do you want to talk to each other?" I asked. I know I was being too inquisitive, but the whole situation seemed so strange I wanted an explanation. 

"We know each other," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I know both of you, too," I said, "but that does not bring me any closer to understanding why--" 

"You know Eberhardt?" captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo began. 
"The pussy cat and I--" Emily Dickinson waved one of his meaty hands. 

"Oh," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. It was a small sound. She seemed surprise, maybe even shocked. I could not tell. Emily Dickinson seemed quite uncomfortable. 

"S. R.," Emily Dickinson said, "we used to work together, a long time ago, in Coalition Space." 

"Eberhardt, tell Captain Star Runner the whole thing," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said crisply. 

"We were partners," Emily Dickinson said. "I ran out on her." 

"Just business partners?" I asked. 

"No," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily dickinson said together. 

"We met in a bar," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I was drunk," Emily dickinson said. 

"So was I," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"We bet each other we could do the Mineral Point run in less than seventeen days," Emily dickinson continued. 

"Then we drank some more and decided to make the run together," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I learned about that at the Institute," I said. 

"You did?" Again they spoke almost as one. 

"Yes," I said. "It was a class about G-forces and how you cut time because of the way you calculated your insertion point and your extraction point. It was to help us understand the differences between human tolerance for G-forces and how, given that limitation, you took some risks and some computer assistance not normally practiced by humans to allow for the lessening of the G-forces and how that helped you to make your goal." 

"Well I be damned," Emily Dickinson said. "That's a heck of a thing, having a classroom of pussy cats studying our run." 

"We stayed together for a while after that," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I got into some trouble and had to beat a hasty retreat," Emily dickinson said. 

"I joined he Coalition Fleet after that," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "then I left there and moved out to the Northern Territories to work for the Consortium." 

"I bounced around a bit, especially on the Southern Frontier," Emily dickinson said, "and eventually ended up here doing same work for the League of Hypatian Pirates and then doing stand-up comedy at the Shepheard's Hotel." 

"And that's the story, or at least an introduction to the story," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"And now you're both here, at Over the Moon Spaceport," I said, "talking over my head." 

"Look, S. R.," Emily dickinson said, "I was still in pretty rough shape. I said some things that, well, I shouldn't have said. Can we le bygones be bygones." 

I was uncertain. This was all quite crazy. Had not captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo noticed that her former partner and, no doubt, lover was dressed as a woman? She had not commented. 

"Permission granted to come aboard," I said. "We're preparing for launch so your visit cannot be a lengthy one." 
"Visit," Emily dickinson said. "I was hoping I could come along." 

I was stunned. After our talk the other day, I did not expect Emily dickinson to ever leave Hypatia. 

"Captain Star Runner," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "I think you need to join us for this conversation. May I suggest the saloon. Could you ask Ship to prepare some coffee." 

We sat in the saloon and I listened. Emily Dickinson had a substantial space background. He had worked for the Coalition, too, before the Mineral Point Run episode. He was former military and had been kicked out of there because of some questionable activities and, of course, his drinking. I thought about Emily Dickinson's whiskey sours. 

"So when I heard you were here," Emily dickinson was saying to captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, "and Heard you and the pussy cat were getting ready to blast off, I thought I better get myself out of bed and onto a shuttle to catch you before you left. I figured you might be able to use me on your voyage." 

Had I heard this correctly. I twitched my ears. How could I have both Emily dickinson and captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo on the Loud Cows at the same time. 

"Eberhardt," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said slowly, "that is up to Star and I don't think--" she stopped speaking, waiting for me to say something. 

"Do you know anything about artwork?" I asked. 

"Artwork?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"Azulee artwork," I said. 

"I know what rich people like," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Are you going after Azulee artwork?



"Not directly," I said. "We are going after who is behind trade with the Azulees. The League of Hypatian pirates has a conditional contract out on me. You've been poisoned. Gwen Chen, Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf have been murdered. I want to know why. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo thinks the Azulees are trading artwork for genetic information for biological warfare. I want to say alive." 

"I want to get away from people who think I'm better off dead than hanging out with a pussy cat," Emily dickinson said. "If you'll have me, I want to come." 

"It will mean delaying our departure and increasing our stores," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said noncommittally. "Star, it's up to you I can use Eberhardt's help. I can use his company, too." 

At this, I growled. I did not like how this was shaping up. 

"Now don't you get yourself upset, pussy cat," Emily dickinson said, "I'm not doing to interfere in any arrangements you have. I just want to put an end to this. Those pictures on the news--of Serreli and Jonathan--they were terrible. There's nothing funny I can say about it." 

So, again's my better judgment, it was decided that Emily Dickinson would accompany us and pursuant to that decision, more human stores were taken onboard. 

At long last we were properly provisioned. The Loud Cows was fully armed for a ship of its class and speed and my ability to manage them. None of us was a trained gunnery mate. 

As it turned out, there was more to Emily Dickinson's story than I had first been led to believe. There was more to captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's story,too. There was more to their story together and separately. Although I like storing vast amounts of information and having it available to me at any time, it was quite overwhelming. I was exhausted and had to rest while Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily dickinson updated ship's stores and Emily dickinson evaluated the Loud Cows weaponry. While I slept, Ship organized all the information and made it available to me. I could remember things I had neither heard nor seen or even needed to process emotionally. That was a great relief. Upon awakening, I also had a list of upgrades and modifications to approve. I tracked Emily Dickinson down in the cargo hold. 

"I am unfamiliar with some of the upgrades you requested," I said. 

"Pussy cat, you're awake. Did you have a good snooze?" Emily Dickinson was full of his ever-present good cheer. I was glad to see it. That good cheer had deserted him during his poisoning. 

"I am refreshed," I said. "About these upgrades. Are these the current optimal configurations the Loud Cows can utilize?" 

"They are not only state-of-the-art, pussy cat, hey are more than state-of-the-art. Gyllie contacted her intelligence folks and they pointed us to these babies. They should be a real asset to us on this mission and to you in the future." 

"And we can get these upgrades quickly here at Over the Moon?" I asked. 

"Now that's the thing, pussy cat. Emily Dickinson said. "We can order he thing, I mean, you can order it, but we'll have to pick it up. It's all pretty standard and fabricating it won't be difficult. I'm sure your brain can ell the crew how to integrate it with your controls." 

"So where is it that we ave to go to get this system?" I asked. This sounded very like another delay." 

"Pussy cat, have you ever been to Three Ravens?" 

Three Ravens was legendary. Anything could be purchased there, for a price. Pirates came and went. It was like Over the Moon only bigger, brassier, more like those holos of buccaneers strutting about with swords and saying "Matie" all the time, or so I had heard. I had never been there. It was in he Far Southern Frontier, near the border with the Lavian. Having contacts at Three Ravens had possibilities. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo might be committed to stopping Azulee aggression. I, on the other hand, was more interested in lucrative employment. With both Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo on board, there was nothing to hold me in the Pharaoh Star System. Old Kelly would greet me warmly if and when I returned, but we did not have an ongoing relationship the way Tamara and I did. And Fani, well, she was interesting but the farther I was away from Fani the likelier I was not to be assassinated. That had it's upside, too. 

"Very well," I said. "I'll make he arrangements." 

I did. We launched and found the insertion point that would lead us to Three Ravens in three weeks time. Then we settled down for an interruptible voyage with three people who were intertwined. It had the potential for unpleasantness but also, I was learning, it had the potential for discovery. 

"It was my drinking," Emily Dickinson was saying one afternoon Ship time, "that got in the way of my military career and the Pantherans, of course." 

"Of course?" I asked. 

"We were on a joint maneuver out of the Athena Cluster," Emily Dickinson continued. "It was some attempt to develop rapport and a "working relationship" with the pussy cats. These never went well. You pussy cats have your way of doing things and we Terries had ours. Each of us thought we had the better military understanding. To be truthful, Pussy Cat, we didn't understand the difference between the androgyns and the gendered Pantheran. Knowing you as I do, I see where we went wrong back then. We thought we humans could interact with all Pantherans. We couldn't understand why the gendered Pantheran was aghast at this idea and why so many were stand-offish. We just thought they were snooty." 

"Gendered members of The Race are arrogant," I said. I would not have said this until recently. Being able to reflect on members of The Race with some detachment, albeit only a little, was new to me. I had accepted a great deal. I was expected to accept the status quo. Having been cut lose from The Race as I had been in order to survive had made me think a great deal I had Tamara and captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and he Fungusians to thank for this. Old Kelly had helped in her way, too, giving me a perspective on the power structures of the Pantheran Empire and how regimes viewed individuals like me. 

"We had this shindig at one of the places big enough to hold a bunch of us," Emily Dickinson continued. "Our people insisted the crews needed to get to know one another. The pussy cats countered we could hold it in one of their cargo bays if all the crew was expected. We didn't know the androgyns didn't leave the ship. After negotiations, my ship and a Pantheran ship were to be he first, to see how it went." 

"The Whiskey Sour Incident," I said. 

"The what?" captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"In our history books it was called the whiskey sour incident," I said. "Members of The Race and humans gathered in the cargo bay of Ship 123-456-7890-123-" 

"Okay, okay," Emily Dickinson said. "Skip the identification code. They go on forever. Yeah, that was the ship all right. And yes, the whiskey sours were flowing. Did hey mention me in your history book?" 

"A lieutenant," I said, having Ship access the record, "approached a gunner mate." 

"A androgyn gunnery mate," Emily Dickinson added helpfully. 

"And made an anatomically impossible suggestion," I continued circumspect, "and touched it." 

"Caused quite a stir," Emily Dickinson said. A definite under statement. "I figured because she, it, was pink in color, it, she, must be female. Stupid of me, of course, but hat was what the whiskey sours did. You would have thought I had done in public what I had only hinted at to be done in private. The hissing and spitting that went on. I never so many fluffed up tails in my life. I was hassled out of there pretty darn quick and out of the service not long afterwards. The court Marshall was bad. The need to apiece the pussy cats greater." 

"There hasn't been a joint operation since," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Command has divided Coalition Space in spheres of influence with the Pantheran military taking the more sensitive areas and having over all control." 

"Lieutenant Overheard's Dietrich," I said. 

"At your service," Emily Dickinson said. 

Thinking about Emily Dickinson as Lieutenant Overheard Dietrich took some getting used to thought my information on the Whiskey Sour Incident fit the Emily Dickinson I knew. Those broad movements, the big talk, the insinuations. No doubt Lieutenant Eberhardt Dietrich had been just as brassy as his older, transvestite version who I still found pleasant to be around. 

"So exactly how did you and Star get together on Hypatia?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. "You seem a very unlikely couple." 

"The Pussy Cat is a very unlikely Pantheran," Emily Dickinson said. The complexity of our relationships was still causing us some tension. I waited to see how this would play out. 

"Of course, I'd never seen a Pantheran like our pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said 

"I am unique in my generation," I said, "a fuchsia-colored Pantheran is said to be born only once in a thousand years." 

"Whatever," Emily Dickinson said. "I saw you walk across the Shepheard's Hotel lobby railing one of your filmy scarves and I thought, "Damn, that is one good-looking pussy cat. What in stars is it doing here. Then I remembered talk of a star runner who was out on its own and I said to myself, 'that must be the one' and I am finally going to have myself a go at it.'" 

"Indeed," I said. "It's a very great distance from the Terry Corpse to the stage at Ramses Pyramid." 

"Yes and no," Emily Dickinson said. "Intelligence can be just playing a part." 

"Why Emily Dickinson?" captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 
"' 
I'm Nobody! Who are you? Are you - Nobody - too?'" Emily Dickinson quoted. "It's a poem, Pussy Cat from a long, long time ago. It seemed to fit." 



Chapter Twelve 

Three Ravens Space Station was huge. I had never been to a human facility that was this big. Of course, the Mother world has many Pantheran-made satellites which are large. The institute is one of them. Yet to be in a place with so many humans was unnerving. As much as I have consorted with humans, I found the experience overwhelming and retreated to the Loud Cows after my first walk through the main area of one of the three main platforms. It was just too loud. 

Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo came and went, running errands. This was a very new experience for me. It was, I reflected, a lot like being a captain of a spaceship, sending underlings here and there. It allowed me to supervise the installation of the new weaponry and become increasingly nervous about the upgrade to Ship's system to include the necessary software. Upgrading Ship affected me personally and any time my AI was involved, it presented me with the potential for viruses or poorly designed code. I did not like strangers messing with my mind. I delayed its implementation until the following day, not feeling up to the task. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily Dickinson suggested, despite my earlier experience of the Space Station, that I accompany them to a new restaurant. They had planned a route that would eliminate much of the noise and confusion which had so adversely affected me. 

I enjoyed the restaurant. It had levers to pull to get inside and lots of illusions to spy stories. I am not overly familiar with the genre, but Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo were and they happily chatted on about mirrors, cameras, weapons and the "tricks of the trade". The food was good, too, not too rich, and I enjoyed sitting with them and chatting. With all the work being done on the Loud Cows and the trips to the chandlery, we had not spent any time together over the past few days. They had stories to tell about the Three Ravens Space Station, too, and that helped me get some perspective on it. I was very glad they both were along on my voyage. I do not think I would have handled things well here. Emily Dickinson kept me laughing--yes, members of the Race laugh though humans find it a peculiar sound. I think I would be able to return on my own if necessary though I would choose my docking area very carefully. I think I could handle the ship yard on another visit. I was gaining a lot of respect for their people. They were topnotch and had consulted, without hesitation, with the Fungusians. I had asked the Fungusians to go over the upgrade to Ship one more time and they promised to get to me before tomorrow with their analysis. 

We were just leaving the Safe House Restaurant when two very surprising and troubling things happened. The first was we saw Fani entertaining several men, giggling and spinning around in a very modern dance step Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo told me was all the rave at the night spots around Three Ravens Space Station. Apparently not all their trips over the Loud Cows had been for our mission but they had enjoyed themselves. I could not tell if hey had gone out together or not. 

I was trying to decide what to do about Fani, if anything, when I saw a tawny-colored Pantheran shuffling along the corridor. Its gait indicated it was in great physical and mental distress. Its coat was dull and its whole affect suggested it was both old and near death. What was it doing here? No Pantheran spaceships were docked. I always checked to determine if I would have any difficulties with the authorities despite Three Ravens Space Station's reputation as being an open spaceport. As I took in this general information about the androgyn, I also became aware in that subtle way recognition happens, that I knew this member of The Race. It was one of my littermates. How could it look so spent when I did not look like this at all and we were the same age? \ 

"Three," I called in our language, "Three, is that you?" 

At first, the tawny-colored Pantheran did not respond, but kept shuffling along as if it could neither see nor hear. Perhaps it could not. I stepped forward, to intercept, to block its path, to get its attention. 

"Three," I said again. "Three, look at me." 

It stopped, hesitated, and then spoke haltingly. 

"Five? Are you Five?" 

"Yews," I said. "Three, what is the matter." 

"No ship," it said. "No AI." 

I had lots of questions. How had my star runner littermate ended up here on Three Ravens Space Station, far south of Pantheran Space proper and without a ship. Its health perhaps had failed or its AI or it had been terminated. 

"I thought I could go out on my own, Five, like you," Three said, "after it all went down." 

"Later," I said, "you need help. Come with me." 

"No ship," it repeated, "no AI," and tried to stumble past me. 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily Dickinson could not understand what I had been saying, but that the other member of The Race to whom I was speaking was in great distress was obvious. They could understand my body language and both stepped forward to assist me and half carrying, half dragging my littermate onto the Loud Cows. I strapped it into the secondary acceleration web. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo used this one to act as co-pilot. All the connections were live. Ship began analyzing Three's condition and although Ship did not have any history on my littermate's biological and mental systems, we were siblings and some extrapolation was possible. Ship is programmed with basic star runner specifications so Three could be stabilized. I stayed by Three until Ship announced that it was stable and would sleep for some time. 

During my vigil, I had brought my two crew members up-to-date. 

"I didn't know you had siblings," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Of course," I said. "The others were not Star Runners so I did not have much interaction with them after we left the nursery. Three and I were in different classes and a different dormitory, but we knew we were littermates. It is customary to call littermates by their birth order. It is Three. I am Five." 

"How many of them were there?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"Six," I said. "I do not know what has become of the others. Maybe Three knows, but usually we do not. In fact, my actions on Three Ravens Space Station is unusual,." I corrected myself. "No, not unusual, unheard of. Androgyns do not rescue other androgyns like this. I learned this from you humans. Tamara would never speak to me again if she knew I had left my littermate' to die." 

"You're right about that," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I think Emily Dickinson and I would feel similarly." 

"Indeed," Emily Dickinson said. "Though I haven't seen my brother for about as long as you haven't seen yours, S. R." 

I was pleased----pleased at their praise of my actions, that Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had accepted Emily Dickinson's new identity and that Emily Dickinson had called me S. R. 

"What will become of Three?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"I don't know,," I said. "When it is better, I will be able to talk to it. For now, I guess it's a member of my crew." 

"Two star runners?" Emily Dickinson asked. "Isn't that a problem?" 

"Not if I am the captain," I said. 

Emily Dickinson laughed and slapped me on the back. 

"Your sense of humor is getting better, pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. 

three recovered quickly. I was impressed with Ship's ministrations. Apparently, the money I had invested in software and medicines paid off. Three was coherent by morning and gaining physical strength rapidly. It would be a few days before it was up and about, but although weak, it could update me on its condition. 

"We all heard about what you were up to," Three said. "When I got a raw deal on my last military assignment and got dropped from active duty, I thought I could strike out on my own, too. I took my savings and got a little ship. It didn't have much of an AI, but I thought I could get by. I made some bad decisions, Five and I could not recover from them. The ship and the AI were confiscated and I ended up here with no way to continue. I would have staggered through the spaceport until I died unless you had come along." 

"I can give you a basic AI that will monitor your systems and tell you what you need to do to stay alive and give you some seed money to see if you can get a position or I can sign you up for this voyage. We're on our own here and it could be very dangerous." 

I gave it the general outline of our mission without telling it much. 

"I would Ship instructions to maintain you and give you minimal access to the ship systems unless I became incapacitated or compromised in any way. Clearly, a ship can have only one captain and one Star Runner." 

"Agreed," Three said. "You are being very generous. Why is that?" 

"I have human friends," I said. "They have taught me to acct this way. They have helped me when I needed help., I am helping you. You may be able to help someone else. This is a human custom. I find it agreeable. I find it necessary when operating outside The Race's structure." 

"If you will have me, I would like to stay," Three said. 

"Then you will need to begin to learn human ways and human language," I said. "That is your first assignment. Ship will coach you while you recover." 

"What is our status now?" Three asked. "Is it out-of-line for me to ask?" 

"No," I said. "It is not. "I am waiting for the go-ahead for an upgrade to the Loud Cows's AI. I will tell you that it makes me very nervous. I have not worked with these gunnery engineers before." 

"Why not let me be the first to interface with the AI," Three said. "You can see that way if there is any gross errors. I believe your implant can protect you while you work with me as a buffer between yourself and the AI. I've worked on some of the military cruisers that do it this way, have one runner buffer another." 

I considered this. The idea had potential. Ship had already informed me Three had no hidden agendas that it could find nor did Three lie. It was a logical procedure. Three would sacrifice itself for me if there was an error in return for my doing all I could to rectify the problem. 

"Very well," I said. "Ship, we call the AI Ship, will make it so." 

Chapter Thirteen 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked Three if it wanted to be called just Three or did it want a regular name like I had. I personally do not think I have a regular name. My name is just what I do, but apparently my human friends think of it as a name rather than a position and after all, having two star runners aboard the Loud Cows would not do at all. Three, speaking through Ship, said it had never had a name so it did not know if one would be preferable. Emily Dickinson suggested we call Three Sandy because of its color. As I kept calling it Three, my littermate became Sandy Three which pleased it immensely. Despite my solitary nature, I did draw some pleasure myself having another one of The Race about me, one that did not wish me any harm. Sandy Three had never been very imaginative, but it was a steady worker and as it gained strength, it proved to be a very useful aid to me. 

We prepared for the upgrade while Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo endeavored to find something out about Fani. Our general opinion was that she had followed us here and was still watching me. Nothing like having your own personal assassin following you wherever you went. Emily Dickinson had a song about it which he performed for us in the saloon. I turned on the video feed for Sandy Three so it could participate in the event from the acceleration web on the Bridge. The song was "Me and My Shadow." I started thinking of Fani as Me and My Shadow Fani as if she needed any specificity. I still thought of the sex we had had because of the Fungusian knot. Old Kelly had not been able to untie it. I wondered why it was there. I could not conceive of the Fungusians wishing me any harm though Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had suggested it. I had disagreed with her sharply and we had been cool with each other for a day or so. That had resolved itself. I had been relieved. I never like disagreeing with my friends. 

Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo were off the Loud Cows. One of the software engineers was onboard while two others were at their stations off the ship. Sandy Three was linked into Ship with me tangentially linked. The upgrade began. It was the strangest feeling, watching an upgrade from the outside, watching it come toward me, seeing it and then, after a lag, experiencing it. This slow-motion upgrade would have unsettled me greatly at an earlier time, but I had learned a great deal about my emotions and thoughts over my time among humans. Although fear continued to be quite real, it no longer held the power of irrationality it once had. I reacted in those days without thinking. Now, still wanting to just react, I was able to think first. And thinking, I was able to watch and wait. Sandy Three performed nobly, accepting each portion of the upgrade, letting it process, and then releasing it to me. When we were finished, both Ship and I had received the upgrade while Sandy Three remained as before with only a shadow memory of what it had processed. 

"Thank you," I said when the software engineer had left us. 

Sandy Three said nothing. 

"Your response," I said, "is 'You're welcome'." 

"Why, Littermate Star Runner?" Sandy Three asked. It had decided that, unless Captain was absolutely necessary, it would call me Littermate Star Runner. Star seemed too familiar to Sandy Three. 

"Because of politeness," I said. "It may be a human custom, but I find it useful. if you are to work among humans, observing the rules of politeness makes thing easier." 

"You are teaching me many things, Littermate Star Runner," Sandy Three said. "It is no wonder I had such difficulties on my own. I knew nothing of human ways." 

"I did not know human ways either when I began," I said. "I was fortunate to work on the very edge of the frontier where my skills were in demand and where I received tips from other space rats." 

"Rats?" 
"A term for working spacers," I said. "Many of them had their own ships and did the same kind of work I did. You would think we were in competition, and we were to a point, but being out on the frontier, we also needed each other and formed a fraternity of sorts. That frontier is more settled now and perhaps that comradery no longer exists." 

"Where do you work now, Littermate Star Runner?" Sandy Three asked. 

"I have been working out of Over the Moon in the Pharaoh Star System," I said, "but some difficulties have arisen. I'm helping my friend Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo get to the bottom of it." 

"And Emily Dickinson?" Sandy Three asked. 

"He is helping us, too, since he has had some problems, too," I said. "Right now they are investigating a woman named Fani who has said she may need to assassinate me for the League of Hypatian Pirates." 

"Oh dear," exclaimed Sandy Three. "Does not that upset you Littermate Star Runner?" 

"Yes, in a way, but Fani is really nice to me because she has not yet decided or been told it is necessary to assassinate me. She is here on Three Ravens Space Station. Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo are trying to find out if it has to do with me or with our mission." 

"And what is our mission?" 

"It has to do with the Azulees," I told Sandy Three. "We are going to confront them about making a biological weapon against the Empire, or at least, against the Coalition. I am not sure exactly who this weapon is aimed at. I think the Mother World can eliminate it but Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo is afraid it will hurt many people before it is rendered harmless. We were taught to think of the survival of The Race. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo thinks in terms of the survival of individuals." 

"That is why you rescued me," Sandy Three said. 

"Yes, I suppose that is right," I said. "I had not thought about it in that way before, but now I think I understand Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's position. Perhaps she is right." 

"Saving The Race is of optimal importance," Sandy Three enunciated. 

"Always," I said, "but individuals can make a great deal of difference in our lives if we are acting on our own like you and I are doing now. It changes my perspective now that I have been officially terminated." 

"Were you?" 

"Yes," I said. "Fortunately, my friends, my non-Pantheran friends, helped me so I am still alive." 

"That is amazing. I do not think that has ever been done before." 

"Perhaps. Perhaps not. The record is not clear. there is still no precedent for it because the Fungusians requested a status change for me through official channels. I had worked for them previously and for some reason they were willing to do this. As a result, I give them a substantial amount of money to handle my backups and software upgrades. They participated in the coding for this upgrade. Could you feel their presence?" 

"Something wispy," Sandy Three said, "at the corners of my mind." 

"That was them," I said. "I asked them to take a backup of your brain in case the upgrade went very badly. They are analyzing now in case there are any errors and they will give me a report in case any adjustments need to be done. I was not sure if you recent illness may have introduced errors in any subroutines or feedback loops. I sensed some degraded pathways but not being an expert, I did not want to attempt any repair. I want you at your best in this mission. I know what steady work you can do." 

"Steady," Sandy Three repeated. "Yes, I have always been steady. You are bold and imaginative. I am steady." 

"And you fitted into the system much better than I. I was surplus almost from the beginning." 

"You are a fuchsia-colored Pantheran," Sandy Three said. "That always made you different." 

"It has always been my curse," I said,, "not my advantage." 

"You are setting a standard for star runners," Sandy Three said. "I understand through the rumor mill the Institute does not know whether to pursue your genetics as a breakthrough or as something to be avoided. They are quite split on the matter and there is much debate. You may have thought you were terminated and wiped clean. I think they copied your network for study." 

"I had no heard that," I said. "I will have to keep my ears open for news." I gave Ship the order to be alert for news and to pass this intelligence on to the Fungusians for analysis and further research. Perhaps this fuchsia-colored Pantheran prophesy was not all fairy tale. Perhaps androgyns would derive a sense of autonomy from me after all. That would be a real change for my kind. I rather liked the idea and hoped it would come to pass. I saw no way to influence the conversation. Maybe by just being by myself and helping Sandy Three I could make inroads. Only time would tell. 

Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo returned and were delighted to hear the upgrade had gone so well. Sandy Three was feeling much better. When I got the go-ahead from the Fungusians, I would reconfigure the Loud Cows to take direction from it. When this final step was taken, we would be ready to voyage toward Azulee Space. 

"Have you found anything out about Me and My Shadow Fani?" I asked. 

"Yes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "but Emily Dickinson will need to begin our story. he found out something that you need to hear first." 

"Are you ready for the story, Sandy Three?" I asked. "I want to hear this and I will hear it now. I would like you to hear it also, but if you are too tired, Ship can give you a summary when you awaken." 

"I will listen now," Sandy Three said. "If Ship, as you call this AI, thinks I am getting too weary, I will sleep and then review what I need to know afterwards. Is that all right, Littermate Star Runner?" 

'That is a very good suggestion, Sandy Three," I said. "Already you are learning how to be an individual and make independent decisions. You will be very helpful to this crew." 

Chapter Fourteen 

As Emily dickinson talked, Ship provided images of the places Emily Dickinson spoke about. It reminded me of the nursery when Sandy Three and I and the other star runners were juveniles. We sat for story time and instead of seeing the images with our eyes, the images were projected into our minds. Even at that age, we were being to taught to see things that way and not with our weak eyes. I have never understood why we could see color in our brains if we could not with our eyes. I was told it was a genetic enhancement which helped with reading diagrams. What puzzled me was how anyone knew to do that. Again I was told physicists had learned of wavelengths we could measure but not see. 

Emily Dickinson said, 

"I went to the commercial sector of Three Ravens, not the entertainment sector where we were a few days ago. Here there are offices and store fronts. There is a lot of very serious and high stakes business being done. The corridors are still crowded, people going about with shopping bags, but there aren't a lot of tourists with luggage. Couriers on bicycles weave their way in and out. There are street vendors here, too, adding the hubbub. 

"I saw Fani walking arm in arm with a tall guy. I decided to follow them. I know I'm a big guy and the dress often causes me to stand out. That's the point of wearing it. But I also found we were on a commercial stretch where I could do a lot of window shopping--that's not shopping for windows, pussy cats---it's looking in store windows at the merchandise but not going into buy it. 

"I saw the two duck into an alleyway. This surprised me. I didn't know there were alleyways on space stations, but when I looked, I discovered Three Ravens has a lot of alleyways. It let's you cut between the major thoroughfares and let's you bring items in the back way. I suppose the black or gray market is alive and well here. 

"I wanted to know who this tall guy was and what Me and My Shadow Fani was doing with him. We've been assuming she came here to Three Ravens following our fearless leader. I didn't know where the tall guy fit in or if he fit in at all. Fani seems to want to have someone all the time. 

"She was giggly, like she always is, strutting her stuff and seemingly letting everyone know she is available." 

I quivered a little at this. That noisome knot. What were the Fungusians thinking? 

"So I followed them into the alleyway. We twisted and turned a bit. I had no idea where I was which is dangerous. Someone could easily pick me off. But nothing like that happened. They ducked into a door off an alley. I followed and found myself in a bar with gambling, or a gambling place that serves drinks. I'm not sure which. 

"I decided to place bets rather than drink. Surveillance and drinking is not a good combo for me. I doubled my money, by the way, but I also watched our tall guy and Fani. 

"The tall guy goes by Trenton NJ." 

"The starship captain?" Sandy Three asked. 

It was still strange to hear Ship translate Sandy Three's words. 

"Starship captain?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"Yes," Sandy Three said, "Trenton NJ is a well-known starship captain on the Southern Frontier. He's an independent operator. He will take you wherever you want to go, no questions asked. He makes a circuit of sorts, not exactly a regular run, but his ship accommodates several people." 

"Hmm," Emily Dickinson said. "That might explain his attachment to Fani." 

"We still do not know how Fani arrived here," I said. 

"Do you know his ship, Sandy Three?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"The Atlantic Highlands," Sandy Three replied promptly. 

"Checking," I said, sending the Ship the order to review harbor assignments and any accessible database on the starship. I reported the docking location. The Atlantic Highlands had come from New Cape May Courthouse most recently and was scheduled to leave for a return voyage the next day. Births were still available. Fani was listed as being aboard the Atlantic highlands. Was she shipping out tomorrow? 

I voiced my information and my question. 

"The information I have on Trenton NJ," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "is that he's a freelancer who plays fast and loose with flight plans. The posting of births could be bogus. He may leave here and watch what we do. We're not posted to leave any time soon, but that's just pending the Fungusians. We'll lift anchor as soon as we can." 

"Is New Cape May Courthouse a reasonable port of call if you've come from the Pharaoh Star System?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"If you travel by the published insertion points," I said. "We did not travel that way because I can find insertion and extraction points which are not listed." 

"You always were good at that," Sandy Three said. 

"The geneticists still have not figured out how to design for that reliably," I said, "as far as I know." 

"But you are a wizard," Sandy Three said. 

"thank you," I said. "I think that is a compliment." 

"Another human trait?" 

"Politeness again," I said. 

"But what happened at the gambling establishment?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked Emily Dickinson. "Did they just gamble?" 

"Yes," Emily Dickinson said. "That's the weird ting. Fani kept losing. She lost heavily. She played with abandon, not skill. She took wild chances. Quite frankly, she played stupidly. Trenton NJ played, too, but very conservatively, almost as if he did not want to be there. I think she finagled him into coming along." 

"That would be characteristic of her," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "based on what I've seen. Her personality is infectious. I could imagine tat even I would not be immune to her. Everything she suggests sounds like a good idea, sounds like fun." 

"And it is fun," I said. 

"Then I followed them out," Emily Dickinson said. "They saw me after a while, and I joined them, pretending that I had just run into them. I chatted and suggested we stop for something. So we did. We ordered and began to chat about the station and about our plans. I said I was heading out soon with friends with no particular destination. I was for a place to settle down and that I didn't think Three Ravens suited me. 

"Trenton NJ suggested I consider New Cape May Courthouse and offered me a birth. I turned him down, of course. I asked Fani what she was up to. She said she was looking for a new start, too, and started to put the moves on me suggesting I join her on the Atlantic highlands. needless to say, I wanted no part of that. For all I know, she was the one who poisoned me." 

"Why did you suggest food then when you were with her?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"I figured it was pretty safe being with Trenton NJ," Emily Dickinson said "and it being spur of the moment. Fani would have to have the poison on her and be able to get it into my food right in front of me. I watched it rather carefully." 

"Do you believe her, that she wants to make a new start?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"No," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Why?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"Because," Emily Dickinson said, "I have this." And he produced a data chip. "These are notes about what she did on Hypatia and what she plans to do next." 

"And they're written down on a data chip she carries around with her?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Eberhardt, that's nuts." 

"That's what I thought," Emily Dickinson said, not bothering to correct Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. "But the Hypatia stuff checks out. It's what we thought. And, as for the pussy cat here, she plans to follow our fearless leader where and when the Loud Cows takes off. She's contracted with Trenton NJ to follow us." 

"How did you get the data chip?" Sandy Three asked. I detected some hesitation in Ship's translation. 

"Sticky fingers," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Sticky fingers?" Sandy Three asked. 

"An expression," I said. "It means he stole it. Emily Dickinson is an excellent pick pocket despite the size of his fingers. He does it mostly by indirection. I have watched him many times. It is remarkable. The humans call it a magic trick even though it is not magic but a skill which can be learned." 

"The tricky part," Emily Dickinson said, "was copying the chip and returning it to her before she missed it." 

"And about the assassination?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"If the pussy cat does something to keep the Azulee artwork from coming to Hypatia,"Emily Dickinson said. 

"And that's what I want to do," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"No," I said. "You want to stop the trading of genetic information to the Azulees. Whether the artwork comes to the Pharaoh Star System is not in your calculations." 

"But it has to be paid for," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"True," I said, "but I did not think you had a problem with the artwork." 

"As far as I know, it is harmless," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "But I don't see how you will accomplish that. You are in grave danger, Star. Please, please understand this." 

"I do understand it," I said. "I have been in grave danger before and I understood it. I just do not see an alternative to that situation currently if you are to do what you want to do and need my help." 

"Agreed," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"So the matter is settled," I said. "I will continue to be stalked by an assassin and I am depending on all of you to keep her from killing me." 


Chapter Fifteen 

Sandy Three and I studied the star charts together. Being linked via the Loud Cows' AI, we used star runner conventions to project images. The fuchsia-colored pointer represented my input, the yellow pointer Sandy Three's contributions. The Pantheran Empire--Coalition Space--was blue, drifting into green for the Northern Frontier. The Southern Frontier showed orange. The Pharaoh Star System and other areas outside Pantheran control were red. The Azulee Empire was outlined in violet. It is impossible to represent the star charts for humans in the way Sandy Three and I could have them mapped in our brains. We could see the insertion points we needed when we directed our attention to them. Being able to visualize hyperspace added a literal fifth dimension because we also perceive the fourth dimension of time. Humans calculated these things in a different way. I was planning our route from Three Ravens Space Station to the Azulee extraction point which blinked ice pink in my field of vision. 

"Can you find an insertion point, Littermate Star Runner?" Sandy Three asked. "There does not seem to be one near here." 

"There is no chart for any in this sector," I said. "These star charts are the latest money can buy. They include both human and Pantheran charting." 

And then I saw it. I saw what the League of Hypatian Pirates was afraid of. I knew how to travel to Azulee Space quickly and return with the artwork quickly. It went through the Pharaoh Star System. The League of Hypatian Pirates got its cut from every sale of Azulee artwork that changed hands in the Pharaoh Star System. The Pharaoh Star System, however, could be cut out of the lucrative trade with the Azulees if I opened a route from Three Ravens Space Station or the Southern Frontier in general to Azulee Space. If I made that trip and found a buyer in the Southern Frontier, I would cut the League of Hypatian Pirates out completely. Except for my relationships in the Pharaoh Star System, I could get everything I needed at Three Ravens Space Station. 

I pinged Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. "I figured it out," I told her. 

"I'll be back onboard in twenty minutes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You can explain it to me then." 

I also contacted Emily Dickinson who could be back aboard sooner. I gave Ship instructions to begin constructing a holo for the saloon. I was waiting there when Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo returned. Sandy Three was linked in remotely as it was still not strong enough to leave the acceleration web. 

"Look," I said. I walked among the stars, drawing a line in the air which Ship turned into a fuchsia-colored pointer. "This represents my route to Azulee Space from the Pharaoh Star System. It's efficient. It conserves energy and with my quicker speeds, the artwork can come into the Pharaoh Star System easily. From there it is easy to move it into Coalition Space. The League of Hypatian Pirates gets pays me and then gets commissions as the artwork changes hands on Hypatian and Over the Moon Spaceport and when it leaves the Pharaoh Star System. 

"If, however," and I moved to the Southern Frontier, "I work out of Three Ravens Space Station or the Southern Frontier at some convenient point, no one knows where the insertion point or points may be. No one has control over them. I can come and go at will and cut my own deals." 

"that's true now," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "This explains why Fani followed you here. But it does not explain what happened to Gwen Chen and why you were scared away from the Pharaoh Star System. That is exactly what the League of Hypatian Pirates do not want you to do--leave the Pharaoh Star System." 

"But if there is dissension among some factions in the League of Hypatian Pirates," Emily Dickinson said, "the infighting could have caused the deaths and forced S. R. to leave. They hadn't planned on you, Gyllie. They hadn't planned on me either." 

"How do you figure in?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I've been thinking about that," Emily Dickinson said, "and the only thing I can think of is, I don't. I'm close to the pussy cat. Either I was not intended to be the one poisoned or someone misread the situation." 

"No," I said, suddenly sure. "You were the intended victim, like Gwen Chen." 

"I still can't figure out how she fits into this," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Gwen Chen may have heard what I had to be looking at the star charts to see," I said. "I do not look at star charts except when I need to. I look to learn, but I do not speculate. I do not say "What if I change my base of operations. What will that do to my business?' But maybe someone did. Or maybe Gwen Chen was going to suggest I talk to someone or was going to set up a meeting between me and someone else. The Star Base Cafe would be a good place for such a meeting. It is out of the purview of people like the Czarina or even Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf. The big shots go to Planet View at the top of the dome, but I tended to stay on the lower levels, staying among the space rats, listening to the talk among spacers. I did not interact with the business people. They came to me when they needed something or Ship reviewed the postings. I like my human friends very well. I can get along with space rats, humans who captain their own ships, but I do not feel comfortable around the elite." 

"Because they think of you as a novelty, a pet," Emily Dickinson said, "and you are your own person." 

'That is true," I said. "I am not a freak of nature which is how those kind of people think of me. I am amusing, that is all." 

"The contact angle," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "I like that explanation very much. It starts to make sense out of what hasn't made very much sense. And don't sell the League of Hypatian Pirates short, Star. They may not have counted on me specifically, but they may have had an inkling that it would get out that they are trading genetic information for artwork. The Coalition will move to stop them eventually." 

"And being a genetically-modified individual yourself, pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said, "the League may have thought you would be upset to think they were selling genetic information. Humans regard genetic engineering negatively. You do not." 

"True," I said. "I am very proud of my abilities." 

"Have we heard from the Fungusians yet?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. "Everything is set with the harbor master for us to leave any time. I explained we could not file any star plan because we do not know where the insertion point will be. I explained it was a star runner venture and therefore we lowly humans would have no information where you intended to search." 

"Yes," I said. "It just came in. Sandy Three is good to go and I have a set of protocols to set up the connections to Ship and the safeguards I want in place so that Sandy Three can handle the Loud Cows and interface with Ship when I am not available. They are being implemented now." 

"And your biological knot?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"They are still being evasive," I said, "but I am assured that it will not interfere with our mission." 

"That's easy for them to say," Emily Dickinson said. 

'Agreed," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I am to give you this," I said, going over to the saloon's reader and plucking out a chip. I handed it to Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. She turned it over in her hand. "What is it?" she asked. 

"I don't know," I said. "I just passed it on to you as the Fungusians requested." 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo put the chip back into the reader and studied it. A wicked smile came to her lips and even her eyes. I know that look. It took me a long time to learn it, but I know it now. It was not truly wicked, I decided. It had a touch of playfulness in it. 

"It gives me access to your biological knot," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"So you can untie it?" I asked hopefully. 

"No," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I can't untie it. I can, however, use it to my advantage." 

"Oh," I said. 

"Oh, indeed," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "How long will we be in hyperspace?" 

"Some time," I said. 

"And Sandy Three can monitor the Loud Cows independent of you while we are in hyperspace?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo persisted. 

"Ah, yes," I said, "that is the plan." 

"Well, Captain Star Runner," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "I think I have plans for you during that extended period." 

"Oh," I said. "That should be, interesting." 

"Interesting indeed," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

Chapter Sixteen 

It was time to leave Three Raven Space Station. I wondered aloud if Trenton NJ and Fani would follow us. 

"How?" Emily Dickinson asked. "You'll find your own insertion point and be gone. I was not under the impression another ship could follow you." 

"Not a human ship," I said. "A Pantheran Patrol ship might be able to. They had special search capability, but I doubt Trenton NJ has access to their technology." 

"So what will they be doing?" Sandy Three asked timidly. 

"That depends," Emily Dickinson said. 

"On what?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"On the nature of their relationship and what Fani's contract is really for," Emily Dickinson said. "You see, I've been wondering about her gambling. She either is a compulsive gambler, which is a real possibility given her whopping big losing streak; or she is crazy and doesn't care how much she loses; or--" 

"Or what?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"Or I was supposed to think that," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Or Fani was trying to impress Trenton NJ," I said. "I do not know why,, but sometimes humans lose money or prestige to impress another human." 

"But we have no reason to suspect Trenton NJ is anything but what he appears to be," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"But New Cape May Courthouse," I said, "may be a place where unusual things happen." 

"Do you know this?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"It is a pleasure world," I said. "Important people, monied people, often cross paths on pleasure planets." 

"True," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Maybe though Fani wanted to enlist Trenton NJ in her cause and showing him a fun time was her way of doing that." 

"Are they pursuing us, Sandy three?" 

"They are in our general area," Sandy Three reported, "but so are a number of ships." 

"We'll see when we get to acceleration distance. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, Emily Dickinson, I want you to prepare for high G-forces. I want to see if the Atlantic Highlands tries to keep up with us." 

"We'll start to prepare," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said without objection. Emily Dickinson looked less eager but did not comment. It would be one of the easiest ways to tell if Fani, Trenton NJ and the Atlantic Highlands would be a factor on our route to Azulee Space. 


So we prepared to launch. 

I liked thinking of it as waiting for the tide to turn and going out to sea. I have never experienced a turning of the tide or seen an ocean. It being all about water, I do not think I would like the reality of it, but I do like thinking about it. Lifting and dropping anchors, setting the sails and that sort of thing. 

Instead Sandy Three and I strapped into our acceleration webs. We had rigged similar devices for our human compatriots. It would make it possible for us to travel faster and harder than humans usually could and perhaps give us an edge on the Atlantic Highlands. In general I preferred it because their acceleration webs were tied into the Loud Cows' AI. I could use Ship to monitor them and I could talk to them. They could receive medical care if needed and nutrition and eliminate waste. All very neat. The humans did not care to have probes and tubes in them and to be intubated, but as this is common for star runners I thought it was acceptable on a Pantheran vessel.. Ship had determined what my redline speed could be and my neural net display could show me how close I was getting to those values. I would have to do some fancy sailing or flying or piloting. I had to get out into the Southern Frontier, outside the influence of three Ravens Space Station and find an insertion point on my own for Azulee Space. There were no charts. 

"What do you want me to do?" Sandy Three asked. 

"Keep your eyes and ears open for anything I'm missing," I said, reviewing my boards, "and keep your attention on the Atlantic Highlands should it come after us. I'll be finding the insertion point and monitoring Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily Dickinson." 

"They call each other Gyllie and Eberhardt. They said I could call them that, too. They call me Sandy," Sandy Three said helpfully. 

"Whatever," I said, beginning to feel that bonding with hardware and software which is a star runner's joy. I was getting, "into the zone" as Tamara called it. I wished she was here for this adventure. Finding an insertion point and sliding into it excited her. Being with her at those moments always gave me joy. 

Ship went through the undocking procedures with the harbor master. 

"You're clear, Loud Cows," the Harbor Master finally said, "happy voyage." 

"Acknowledged," I said and we were away. The Loud Cows answered quickly and smoothly to my every thought as we put distance between us and the Three Ravens Space Station. I wanted all its noise to be gone. Not so much physical noise, though that was welcome enough, but all the ways in which it interfered with reading the space around it. I needed to be almost a parsec away before I got useable readings. 

"The Atlantic Highlands is away, too," Sandy Three reported. "Its trajectory indicates it is following. 

A yellow dot appears in my peripheral vision. "I see it," I said. 

I saw a variety of other shipping, too. Apparently we were still on one of the main routes out of Three Ravens Space Station. I was irritated. This was, according to my research, one of the best places in the area to find an insertion point. 

Sandy Three remained quiet. I could feel it on the network. I knew it was monitoring me, trying to understand exactly how I found an insertion point that was not on the star charts. It was about feel, I always said. It was about probing the space around me. It was not any one reading or any set of readings. It was a sense that the readings might suggest an insertion point and what suggested it was subtle. I could give values, but I could go to another area of space, have the exact same readings, and not find an insertion point. 

Some theorized it was the star runner itself, interacting with the readings, reaching out tentatively, which produced the desired effect. I do not know. I just know that I have both the patience and the talent to do it. However, today the Atlantic Highlands was coming closer. It would have a definite negative effect on opening up a previously unused insertion point and it would be watching me, trying to follow me into hyperspace. 

"Got it," I exclaimed. 

Ship logged the coordinates. 

Now to open it up, to get in and be off. I needed power, a lot of power to open up this closed insertion point. I began shutting down unneeded systems, channeling power. The Loud Cows and I grew closer and closer to be one entity. My heart rate went up. My adrenalin pumped. I puffed up as if brute strength on my part was necessary. Power was definitely necessary, power and speed. I pushed the Loud Cows close to the redline, shutting down more systems. Sandy Three grew uneasy. Had it ever opened an insertion point? 

"It's stuck," I said. "I need more power. I need to be closer and hit it harder." 

"The Atlantic Highlands is just about at the insertion point," Sandy Three reported.. 

Still calm. Good. Sandy Three was being professional. I needed it to be professional. I could rage, but I needed everyone else quiet and calm. 

More power. Where could I get more power? 

Life support. I began shutting it down while I made my final approach toward the insertion point, correcting our course as we got closer. We were not at the best angle. The Atlantic Highlands was coming closer. I wanted to close the insertion point down as soon as I entered and if the Atlantic Highlands came much closer, I would be unable to do that. 

"Hold on,," I said though we were all strapped down tight. 

With gravity off and life support on standby, I rolled the Loud Cows end over end, spreading the insertion beams as wide as I could. Normal space grabbed at our hull, dragging us back. AI redlined our G-forces as I continued to force my way into hyperspace. It there was sound at this juncture in space, it would sound like the tearing of the fabric of space rather than opening a door. 

For a moment we hung there, half in hyperspace, half in normal space, and then, we were through. I pulled the insertion forks in sharply, collapsing the entry with no fa ness, no seal that could be opened and reopened cleanly. If there was a next time, if I had an opportunity, I would come back and repair the insertion point. It was an ugly scar, but it could not be helped. I needed to open it and close it and be on my way as quickly as possible and alone. 

"Did they come through," I asked, when I had restored life support and backed us away from the redline. 

"No," Sandy Three said in a small voice. "I do not think they were close enough." 

"Good,' I said, checking on my human crew. They were unconscious, of course. The medical precautions we had taken had been necessary. They were in a medically induced coma but with no warning flags. 

Okay, time to plot our course. 

"Check my work," I said to Sandy Three. "I need to plot our course to Azulee Space. Here's the extraction point I have been using." 

"It is a long way," Sandy Three said. 

"Ideally," I said, "I should have a closer extraction point and find a second insertion point. However, this is not an ideal voyage and I do not dare to come out in normal space. I have no idea where that would be." 

"According to the star charts," Sandy Three said, "You would come out inside the Coalition near the Mother's tail." 

"Show me," I said. 

Sandy Three showed me. Its yellow pointer blinked, showing me the location. 

"yes," I said. "I agree with you. Unfortunately, neither Emily Dickinson nor I are welcome inside the Coalition. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo works for the Consortium on the Northern Frontier. She is not particularly welcome either and from what you have said, I am uncertain if you ought to be in Coalition Space right now either." 

"So we will not be extracting here?" Sandy Three asked. 

"No," I said. "We need to stay in hyperspace all the way to Azulee Space." 

"That's a very long run," Sandy Three said. "It is not recommended." 

"Agreed," I said. "It cannot be helped." 

I went back to my calculations. Our power reserves had been taxed by our insertion. We had enough supplies otherwise. We might get on each other's nerves. 

"Is there an energy sink in here?" I asked no one in particular. 

"The mother's tail is said to penetrate the galactic plane," Sandy Three said. 

The Mother of Us All is our protector. Although no one with any brain believes in a literal Pantheran goddess called the Mother of us All, and certainly no one believes the stars forming her constellation is the other of us All, I do believe in our Mother and I believe that she protects me. I searched for indications of her the tip of her tail. Ship modeled it for me. 

"What do you think?" I asked. "I think it is here." 

"You ascribe to the Mother of Us All flicking her tail then," Sandy Three said, "that there could be several stars representing its arc." 

"Yes," I said. 

"You would be in error if it was stationary," Sandy Three said. 

"Not by much," I said. 

"By quite a long distance in hyperspace, too far to utilize the energy sink from a star of the flicking tail." 

"True," I said. "But a stationary tail will not help us so I am postulating a flicking tail and making for it on our way to Azulee Space." 

"That seems reasonable," Sandy Three said. "How does the Mother of Us All treat you?" 

"Very well," I said. "She has never let me down." 

"You always did have more faith than I," Sandy Three said. "You always believed the Mother was watching out for you and you always came through." 

"I think that is so," I said. 

"You know," Sandy Three said hesitantly, "I've always found that odd about you.. You were always the smartest and the most aggressive of us all, yet, when it came down to it, you were the most spiritual." 

"Maybe those two things go together," I said. 

Sandy Three continued to check my work, pointing out where I was being overly optimistic and where I was being very conservative. It smoothed our course out. We were able to conserve more power and take some time off our voyage. I continued to monitor the human crew. 

"Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo," I said. "I believe you can hear me. Lie still. You cannot speak. your brain wave activity has changed which leads me to think you are awake. I can provide some auditory stimulus or some sedatives, even some psychotropic's to make this time pass more easily. Does that sound attractive 

Ship interpreted Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's brain activity as an affirmative and soon a combination of soothing drugs and hallucinogens were entering her bloodstream. My friend would float comfortably for a time while she healed from her insertion into hyperspace and while I finished my work. Once all these calculations were done and course changes made, Ship could fly the Loud Cows almost by itself. Given the nature of our mission though, I intended that Sandy Three and I would be monitoring our progress quite closely. 
Chapter seventeen 

I had closed down my visual inputs. Sandy Three was asleep. The human crew was sedated. I had set all the proximity alarms and established a wide area around the Loud Cows for Ship to monitor. We would not reach the area where I predicted the Mother's Tail stars would be for some time. I was gambling, of course, that the stars were there and that I could replenished the Loud Cows' power reserves. The Mother of Us All had never let me down when I needed her. I had been in some tough straights. Mine is a naive faith, I know. Tamara has studied these things and assures me deities do not work in the manner I describe. nevertheless, I continue to trust the Mother and she has not disappointed me. I am living proof that good friends, good connections and the Mother of Us All does protect a fuchsia-colored Pantheran from its own delusions of grandeur. I am gullible as Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo has pointed out many times, not always picking up on the nuances of human deceptions yet AI felt certain the stars of the Mother's flicking tail were there. Did not all members of The Race swish their tails? Why would not the Mother of Us All do the same? 

"Because she is not a real cat," I heard Tamara say. 

"I know that," I thought back to this imaginary Tamara. "Do you think I think the real Mother of Us All is in the sky over the Mother World? That is silly indeed." Yet here I was steering a course for a star not on my star charts because it would be where a star should be if the Mother's constellation was a member of The Race framed against the sky. My mind was beginning to spin with the paradoxes. Ship put a stop to it. 

yet my mind was busy, thinking about the information I had. Trenton NJ and Me and My Shadow Fani--were they following us? Could they get to Azulee Space ahead of us? Would we encounter them there or would they give up? 

No, they would not give up. Me and My Shadow Fani had a contract and in order to fulfill it she needed to know where I was. She and Trenton NJ would come after us, would know where to find us because-- 

Because I had been to Azulee Space prior to the killings. Because Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo of the Northern Frontier Consortium and Emily Dickinson, formerly of Terry Corpse Intelligence, were with me. Because I had an additional star runner, formerly of the Coalition military, onboard. Our mission was to stop the Azulees from attacking our corner of the universe. 

Did the League of Hypatian Pirates know that the Azulees planned to attack the Coalition? Originally, I had told Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo I did not care whether they attacked or not, that I was confident the Pantheran Empire could repulse an attack, survive a war, and therefore it was no concern of mine. That was still true, as far as it went. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had thought me uncaring about individual life and naive--that word again. Had I been naive in thinking the League of Hypatian Pirates did not know the score here, did not know the Azulees intention, did not know what they were doing jeopardized the entirety of the Coalition? If war came, no one would be going to the Pharaoh Star System to gamble and to have a good time, spending lots of money doing it. Or did they have another angle? Were they planning to be arms merchants, planning to declare the Pharaoh Star System neutral territory and do ship repairs and people repairs at their shipyards and the Asclepius Medical Center? Were they supplying both sides, indifferent to who was the victor because they would make money? 

Ship ran the probabilities and said it was likely. 

Where did Gwen Chen and Trenton NJ fit into this? 

Gwen Chen and Trenton--Gwen Chen and Trent. That was it. Gwen Chen had said her son was Trent. They did not communicate regularly or often. Of course not. he was at New Cape May Courthouse. She was in the Pharaoh Star System. A son on New Cape May Courthouse. A mother at Over the Moon Spaceport, an estrange husband--where? I had been taken in, again? Were they some of the movers and the shakers in this gamble by the League of Hypatian Pirates? It would explain Me and My Shadow Fani's association with Trenton NJ. Perhaps she was not trying to impress him but he was looking after her when Emily Dickinson saw them at the gambling place. Perhaps Trenton NJ had gone to get her somewhere along the line when Me and My Shadow Fani had to leave the Pharaoh Star System to follow me. Given her erratic behavior, The League of Hypatian Pirates would want someone watching her, making sure she did not drug herself too much, gamble too much, drink too much, screw too much for that matter. yes, fooling around with me would have been okay, keeping me close, but someone else could distract her from her task. Me and My Shadow Fani was a cold killer. In fact, she enjoyed killing. That is why Gwen Chen was gunned down at the Star Base Cafe. That is why Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf were tortured before having their throats cut. That is why Emily Dickinson was poisoned at the Queen Nefertiti Bar at Shepheard's Hotel. If I was assassinated, it would not be quickly, quietly or in an out-of-the-way place. it would be very, very public and very, very terrible. I began to shake. 

"Stop it," Sandy Three cut in. "It is not going to happen. We will get the better of Fani." 

I had forgotten we were still linked. I had not isolated Sandy Three from my thoughts. Either I had wakened it or it had wakened on its own. 

"I'll take over," Sandy Three said. "I have rested and apparently, you have not. Ship will update me." 

I knew Sandy Three was trustworthy. I had no fear of duplicity. Ship could read Sandy Three as well as I could. Besides, the Fungusians had gone over Sandy Three's brain and would have alerted me if Sandy Three had any ill will toward me. 

"Very well," I said. 

I drifted off to sleep not long after. 

"Good work," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said some time later when we were in the saloon together. "You've finally discovered a piece of information which makes this cast of characters have some relationship to one another. Given the literal nature of the star runner mind, connecting Gwen Chen's Trent to Trenton NJ is fairly sophisticated thinking. There's hope for you yet, Star." 

"Is it literalism that has always been the pussy cat's downfall?" Emily Dickinson asked, munching on something green from the hydroponics bay. 

"That and being both naive and having a fondness for conspiracy theories," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "It's not its fault, Eberhardt. It was never designed for espionage." 

"You sound like a pussy cat yourself when you say 'designed"'" Emily Dickinson said. 

"It's true," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I once took a tour of the Institute for Genetic Design." 

"You've been there?" Sandy Three asked. 

I was thinking the same thing. 

"Yes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I know they don't bring off-worlders there often, but it was necessary for my intelligence work back in the day when I worked for the Terry Corpse. It was after the Whiskey Sour Incident as you call it. We kept expecting things for the androgyns they couldn't do or even think about. A gunnery mate could not repair an engine or even stand a watch. Star would give it a go. I suspect you would try now, Sandy Three, but that kind of initiative or desire to learn seems totally lacking in the androgyns we typically encountered so we had a tour." 

"A whole space station of pussy cats," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Little kittens, too," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "they were quite cute. some of them were so young they fit into your hand. They were just balls of fluff." 

"And to think that our two pussy cats were just like that once upon a time," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Indeed they were," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "The star runners were pretty funny. They were teaching them to visualize in their minds and I think their AI's were bigger than they were. They all looked so serious." 

"You would look serious, too," I said, "if you knew you would be terminated if you could not do it." 

"Did they tell you that?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"No," I said, "but you knew juveniles that could not do it disappeared and that never seemed good." 

A claxon sounded. 

"Proximity alert," Ship intoned. 

'What is it?" I asked out loud. 

"We are closing in on an unidentified star system," Ship responded through the saloon's speaker. 

"Is it one of the stars I extrapolated?" I asked. 

"Affirmative," Ship said. 

"Prepare for power transfer," I said. 

"From the star?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"Yes," I said. 

"It is standard operating procedure. It will not affect any inhabited planets. Refueling a ship of this size will be negligible on the star's output. 

"Ship, can you determine if the other stars in the Mother's tail are also present as I postulated?" 

"Confirmed," Ship said. 

"You did it again," Sandy Three said. 

"When we were juveniles," I said, "we were told the Mother of Us All looks after star runners. I accepted this statement as true and it has always been true for me." 

"that and having friends with pull," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo added dryly. 

"that, too," I agreed. "I do not minimize what you have done for me, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. In this case, though, you did not have the ability to replenish the Loud cows power reserves. This star, which does not have a name on our charts, is below the galactic plane and, from the Mother World where the Institute for Genetic Design is located, you can see the constellation which represents the Mother of Us All to us. Her tail is incomplete. That is because she is swishing it and now we know where the stars of the swishing tail are. They are giving us the power to repel the Azulees from doing damage to the Mother World and the rest of the Pantheran Empire." 

"So now it's the Pantheran Empire," Emily Dickinson said. "You've always been quiet about that." 

"We were told to be quiet," I said, "but I see no reason to maintain the silence. I suspect this no surprise to anyone higher up in the Terry Corpse." 

"I never got there, Pussy Cat," Emily Dickinson said. "I was only a lowly intelligence officer." 

"And I was a lowly star runner," I said. "Now we are our own force, stopping the entire Azulee military with one ship, two humans and two androgyns." 

"Well, at least we have the Mother of Us All on our side," Emily Dickinson said. 

That did bring up the matter of whether the Mother of Us All included humans, but I did not want to get into that. I did not have an answer. I suspected the answer was no, but it did not seem polite to say so. 

"Refueling complete," Ship announced. 

"plot a course for extraction point, Sandy Three," I said. 

"confirmed," Sandy Three said. 

I liked giving orders. Maybe being a captain of a crew would be fun. nevertheless, I enjoyed being at the Loud Cows' controls. I would never give that up. 
Chapter Eighteen 

"So what's the plan?" I asked. We were still some distance from the extraction point, but to date, neither Emily Dickinson nor Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had indicated what we would do when we came into normal space. 

"Tell us about the Azulees," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"You do not know about them?" I asked. 

"I know some things," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "but I have never met an Azulee. you have." 

"No," I said. "I have not met an Azulee. I have exchanged information with the Azulees. But I have not seen one." 

"Let me get this straight," Emily Dickinson said, "you do business with the Azulee by remote?" 

"More or less," I said. "I arrive at the designated coordinates. I send a message stating I am here. They send a ship out and we put the shipping tube in place. They offload the artwork to my hold and retrieve the data packet. Then the shipping tube is removed and I return. All of this is handled via Ship. I do not talk to anyone or go near any of their planets. In fact, the rendezvous point is outside any star system. They do not let me near any inhabited world." 

"And you get paid?" Emily Dickinson said. 

"When I deliver the artwork to Over the Moon Spaceport," I said. "It's the League of Hypatian Pirates who hire me, or at least, broker the deal.. I do not ask too many questions so long as I get my fees--half beforehand and half when I return. It is a standard contract." 

"So you never knew what you were carrying until recently?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"That is correct," I said. "I prefer it that way. I get paid extra for hazardous cargo and the artwork was not hazardous. neither was the data packet in and of itself." 

"That is how most star runners operate," Sandy Three added. It was now in the saloon with us having recovered fully. I had Ship status running through my brain at eye level, turned down. The color codes would alert me if there was anything to concern me. 

"We just bring the spaceship to where it is needed," Sandy Three continued. "So long as the cargo will not affect the spacecraft adversely, we are not told what we are carrying." 

"What about customs officials and all that stuff?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"There's a manifest," I said. "They officials can either come onboard to check it or you provide the documentation. It is often sealed so the star runner cannot access it. The customs officials can unseal it with a master." 

"They really don't trust you guys, do they?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"No," I said. 

"Why would we need to know?" Sandy Three asked. 

"I don't know," Emily Dickinson said. "I guess it would just be common courtesy not to seal records and act all secretive about a cargo of corn or something like that." 

"Others on the spacecraft might know," I said. "Remember, on big ships, the star runner is in place to pilot the spacecraft, not do anything else. On the smaller couriers type ships, they might know a little more or they use robots. There is no need to talk to a robot. Most Pantheran robots cannot talk anyway. They simply exchange codes with the AI and the AI with the robots." 

"All very compartmentalized," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Yes," I said. "It is considered more efficient that way." 

"Each designed to do its unique function," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Yes," I said. "The star runner brings decision-making to the task since robot ships have proved unsuccessful in long-range voyages. For short runs, they are excellent. For hyperspace voyages, they are prone to error." 

"But the star runner is not." 

"No," Sandy Three and I said together. 


"Humble, too," Emily Dickinson said. 

"We are designed for this purpose," I said, "and we are trained." 

"But you washed out," Emily Dickinson said to me. 

"Yes," I said, "not because I was not a good star runner. You know I am a good star runner. I am simply too independent-minded." 

"You can sure say that again," Emily Dickinson said. he held up his hand. "But please, do not repeat yourselves." 

"This does not answer Star's question," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "It's a good question. We do need to think about what we plan to do." 

"I thought we were just going to jump into their space and say 'Hi guys. We want our data back and we'll come in shooting if you don't give it back.'," Emily Dickinson said. 

"That would be your plan," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I prefer a more nuanced approach." 

"Like, "please give our data back or we'll come in shooting.'," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Are we really going to go in shooting?" Sandy Three asked. 

"It is a figure of speech," Emily Dickinson told Sandy Three. 

"Though we do have weapons," I said. "We have special weapons installed at Three Ravens Space Station according to Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's specifications. I have studied them, but I am not a gunnery androgyn so it is hard to understand what they do or how they are used." 

"Don't worry, pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. "I can shoot them. Just give the word and they'll go boom." 

"There is no sound in space," Sandy Three said. 

"Another figure of speech, pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. 

"And how will we know if they need to be used?" I asked. 

I noticed Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was frowning. 

"Star," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "is there a way for me to see the Loud Cows status on a monitor on this ship?" 

"Yes," I said. "I have visual displays for humans." 

"For the purposes of our operations with the Azulees," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo continued, "I think I should be in charge. Since this mission is my idea. I need both you and Sandy Three to do what you do best, be star runners. I am responsible for contacting the Azulees and Emily Dickinson can operate the weapons." at my command. It might cut down the layers of command if we do it that way." 

My immediate reaction was to say "No, it is my ship," but then I re-considered. If we were successful, I knew Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo would see to it that I received some kind of compensation. What form that compensation would take was anyone's guess. That I would be compensated if we came out of this alive was definite. 

"You are very quiet," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I am thinking," I said. "Sometimes I need to think slowly and carefully. What you say makes sense, but I am not used to taking orders anymore. This is my ship and I need my ship for both Sandy Three and me to survive." 

"I understand that," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Remember, I was with you in the Republic of Space and I know how you suffered there. More recently, I saw what was happening to Sandy Three. I need to appear strong to the Azulees, Star. Having you three as a crew and this ship with all is armaments will do that. The Consortium, and the Coalition for that matter, need deniability if this mission goes wrong. You understand that, don't you?" 

"Yes," I said. "I do. I will do as you ask, but if I think we are at risk, I may intercede." 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo sighed. "Just let me know before you intercede, and not just a nano second." 

"I will do my best," I said. 

"So, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo," Emily Dickinson said. "What's the plan?" 

"Don't you start," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo though I could tell she was not angry. 

"Just making sure the pussy cat's question gets answered. The star runners need to be kept in the loop is all." 

"From what I just heard, that is unusual," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"But we don't want our pussy cats feeling threatened and jumping back into hyperspace to protect their tails," Emily Dickinson said. "I do want to get some shooting in. Those weapons look way too fine to not do some shooting and these pussy cats just might get upset." 

"We will go to the place where Star has always gone to receive the Azulee artwork,"" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "We will send a message as Star has done in the past requesting a conference. Then we'll wait." 

"And suppose they ignore us," Emily Dickinson said. 

"They won't ignore us," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "They'll respond. Then we'll go from there." 

"Proximity alert," Ship announced. 

The visual displays flared and became full size in my brain. 

"A terry spacecraft," I said. Its trajectory is on a collision course." 

"Evasive maneuvers," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo ordered. 

"Already done," I said. "Are you in charge of this operation?" 

"Yes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Standing by," I said and put information on the saloon view screen. 

"Not a military vessel," Emily Dickinson said, looking at Ship's impression of the spacecraft. 

"Definitely civilian in design," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Where are you two pussy cats going?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"To our posts," I said. "Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo would want us ready to execute any commands." 

"You are nothing but efficient little pussy cats," Emily Dickinson remarked as we left the room. Turning to Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo he said, "Well, Gyllie, my girl, what do you think a terry ship is doing trying to run us down in hyperspace?" 

"That's what I want to know," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Sandy Three, open a hailing frequency so I can contact the other vessel." 

"proceed," Sandy Three said. "Your tight beam is waiting." 

"Unidentified vessel," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "please desist from your course. We do not wish to collide with you." 

"Identify yourself," the terry ship responded. The voice was Terran. 

"This is Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo of the Consortium," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo replied. 

"You're a long way from the Northern Territories," the unidentified Terran said. 

"And you," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I am Christopher Marlowe," the Terran said. 
Chapter Nineteen 


I wondered what I could do to get Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo more information. I called for a holo of the two ships' relative positions to be placed in both the saloon and the gunnery position where Emily Dickinson had gone. Then I began to think about what other visuals were possible. Sandy Three had established the audio link. I began exploring how to produce a visual--a one-way visual. The name Christopher Marlowe meant nothing to me. From the sound of Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's conversation, she did not know who he was either. 

"What are you doing?" Sandy Three thought. 

"Watch and learn," I said as I opened a visual window on the saloon wall with Christopher Marlowe's face. I also issued a command for Ship to match the image and voice print to our database and to cross reference Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's database if possible. 

Bingo. Christopher Marlowe was the preferred non-de-plume of Jackson Tuscaloosa Orleans, a former member of the Terry Corpse. 

"Well, Jack," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "funny meeting you here." 

"It's been a long time coming, Gyllie," Christopher Marlowe or Jackson Tuscaloosa Orleans said, "but it's time for you and your buddy Eberhardt to say good-bye." 

"Weapons charging," I said. 

"Eberhardt, prepare to fire," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

I had already primed our weapons. 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo twisted the holos in the saloon. The ones in the cargo bay where the weapons console had been installed also twisted. 

"Lined up" Emily Dickinson said. "On your mark." 

"Fire," said Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. 

I should mention here that it is not recommended to fire weapons of any kind in hyperspace. The discharge of weapons, not to mention getting hit with another spacecraft's weapons, produce undefined results, that is, no computer model can predict what will happen. 

What did happen was that Christopher Marlowe's, Also Known as Jackson Tuscaloosa Orleans's ship, exploded. The force of the explosion, and the recoil of the weapons Emily Dickinson fired from the Loud Cows, sent the Loud Cows tumbling. The affect on the terry crew was unconsciousness. Before we lost internal gravity, their bodies ricocheted through the room in which they were located. As for Sandy Three and me, our acceleration web's locked down. We were safe enough, but we could feel the rolling of the Loud Cows. Ship had to compensate for the nausea and vertigo. Sandy Three and I blacked out for a while. When I regained consciousness, Ship could not give me a proper reading on where we were. We were lost in hyperspace. Spacecraft that was lost in hyperspace rarely, that is to say, almost never, returned to normal space. 

Shortly afterward, Sandy Three regained consciousness. 

"You okay?" I asked. 

I could check all its readings. In fact, I had checked all its readings, but I wanted Sandy Three to tell me. \\"Yes," Sandy Three said. 

"It will not be an easy task," I said, "but I want you to unstrap and go place each of the terries in their webs. They are hurt. They need medical attention. 

"I do not know how to do this," Sandy Three said. 

"Carry them," I said. "Strap them in. Ship will assist. I need to start figuring out where we are." 

"We are lost," Sandy Three said, a tinge of hysteria entering its voice. "Littermate Star Runner, we will never return to normal space." 

"It is indeed a long shot," I said, "but there is no harm in trying to find our way out. I can find extraction points as a rule. It is a good time for me to exercise my gift." 

"But we are still tumbling." 

"True," I said. "I will have to stop that, too." 

"But--" 

"The terries," I said. 


Sure," Sandy Three said. "No time like the present to learn something new." 

"That is the spirit," I said and set to work. 

I was not able to stabilize the Loud Cows. I did however slow our tumble such that it no longer made Sandy Three and I ill. That helped Sandy Three a great deal in securing both Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily Dickinson. The extraction point alluded me. I think it was the tumbling. Hyperspace did not feel the same. The query, map, query procedures that had, with persistence, always worked for me returned erratic and unreliable data. There was no way to open an extraction point. 

I worked. I slept. I worked some more. 

"Where are we?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked sleepily. 

"Unknown," I said. "We are on a slow tumble through hyperspace." 

"Not good," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Not good at all," I said. "Do you know any tricks for reducing hyperspace tumble?" 

"No," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo yawned. "No, I don't. Do you, Eberhardt?" 

Emily Dickinson made several suggestions. 

"I have already tried those," I said. 

In time, we gathered together in the saloon, carefully. 

"You look exhausted, Star," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was concerned. 

"I am trying to find a way out of here," I said. 

"Can we help?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"I do not know how to quantify my search," I said. "Part of it is repetitious. Part of it is intuitive." 

"Hyperspace navigation is part science, part art," Emily Dickinson said. "You've either got the touch or you don't. Our pussy cat is the only one of us who has the touch." 

"Touch," I said, "touch." 

I sat perfectly still. I could feel it--a touch. 

"What is it, Littermate Star Runner," Sandy Three asked aloud. "Have you found the extraction point." 

"No," I said, "but I can feel--something. Something is pulling us--" 

"What? Don't hold back, pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. 

"It is the Fungusians," I said. "That biological knot. It is not a sexual stimulant as I thought. It is a beacon. They are pinging it and directing the Loud Cows. If we are patient, we will arrive in Fungusian space." 

"That is quite distant from where we were," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"We have traveled a great distance," I said. 

"The Fungusians," Sandy Three said. "Is that safe?" 

It began to quiver. 

"They are our enemies, Littermate Star Runner." 

"Not our enemies," I said slowly. "The Pantheran Empire and the Fungusians look at things very differently. Over time, I had established a relationship with them, in large part because I am, shall we say, not valued by the Mother World." 

"Besides," Emily Dickinson said, scratching Sandy three behind the ear, "mushrooms can't eat little pussy cats." 

"but Five," Sandy Three persisted, being so alarmed it called me by our litter birth order again, "if we consort with the Fungusians--" then Sandy Three considered. "You are terminated, are not you and I am surplus so I guess it really does not matter." 

"No," I said. The Fungusians know your brain. They even have a backup so you cannot be virtually terminated." 

"Maybe the Fungusians have some answers," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Perhaps," I said. "I think they know more than they have told me thus far. As least the beacon explains why Old Kelly could not untie the biological knot." 

"Could not or would not," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I am still not sure about her." 

"As far as I am concerned," I said, "she is trustworthy." 

"For you," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "but over-all, her past is rather murky." 

"I am beginning to think," I said, "that all my friends have a murky past." 

"Except Tamara," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Except Tamara," I said. 

"So how long till we get to mushroom land?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"Unknown," I said. "We are still lost. it could be days or weeks or even months." 

"That is knot helpful, pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said. "tumbling for months does not sound like a plan to me." 

"While we are going over things we know and things we do not know," I said, "Who was Christopher Marlowe or Jackson Tuscaloosa Orleans?" 

"A bad character," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Worked in intelligence like we both did," Emily Dickinson said, "but he went over to the other side, that is, he became involved with those terries who wanted to cut a special deal with the pussy cats." 

"A special deal?" Sandy Three asked before I could. 

"Yeah. You see, we all know the Coalition isn't really a Coalition," Emily Dickinson said. "The Terry Corpse operates publicly as if we all believe it is. But this other group thinks it can overthrow the pussy cats." 

"Not possible," I said. 

"Agreed," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "at least, not in the foreseeable future." 

"So you think this Christopher Marlowe--" 

"Just call him Christopher Marlowe," Emily Dickinson cut in. "we'll be here all day if you keep spinning out that name, Star." 

"Okay," I said, "Christopher Marlowe was working for the Azulees?" 

"If not working for them, working on behalf of the terries who want the bomb," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"To recap, then," I said, "we have a group of terries supporting the Azulees' work on a bomb. We have the League of Hypatian Pirates transporting Azulee artwork for genetic information to help build a bomb or build a bomb that will work on beings with this genetic information. We have us trying to stop them. We have the Fungusians pulling us out of hyperspace and we have Me and My Shadow Fani and Trenton NJ who may be related to Gwen Chen tracking me to kill me. Does that about sum up what we know?" 

"Pretty much," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I may have more information on Christopher Marlowe or if I can get back into normal space, I may be able to get more information." 

I felt a twinge. 

"We are close," I said. "I think the Fungusians are getting a fix on us. Ah yes, here is our extraction point coordinates." I logged them in and reviewed the star charts. "We will be extracted into Fungusian space in five hours." 

"What a relief," Emily Dickinson said. 
Chapter Twenty 

We were sitting in a very damp place with several Fungusians. Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo were sitting on a log. Sandy Three and I were on a tarpaulin that had been spread on the ground. The air had an earthy smell. It was dark, too, though, in deference to us, there was a light source. 

The Fungusians are telepathic so they did not speak out loud. The link was handy since each of us could speak in our language and be understood by all present. It felt strange to think and talk in my language while in the presence of Terries. 

"We are glad," one Fungusian began, "that the beacon we installed in Captain Star Runner proved helpful in extracting you from hyperspace." 

"It would have been helpful to me," I said, "to know what the purpose of the biological knot was. Having it produce a sexual reaction was, to say the least, unnerving and may have had unforeseen consequences." 

"We are sorry for that," the second Fungusian said. "We can adjust the beacon so that this will not happen in the future." 

"Do I get a choice about having this beacon?" I demanded. 

"It is part of the programming service we provide," the third, more senior, Fungusian said. "We particularly believe it will be advisable to keep the beacon implant until the Azulee question is resolved." 

"At least let me be able to turn it on and off," I said. 

"We will consider this as a possible upgrade in a future release," the third Fungusian told me, "at this time, we cannot offer you this option." 

"speaking of the Azulees," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "as you probably know, we were headed there to confront the Azulees when we were fired upon." 

"Yes," said the first Fungusian, "by the one calling himself Christopher Marlowe. We had been following him for some time as he is a destabilizing factor in this particular region of space." 

"And the Azulees?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"We do not believe," the second Fungusian said, "that the Azulees pose an undo threat to the stability of this region of space at this time." 

"But the genetic information they are gathering," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo persisted, "our intelligence suggests they are building weapons of mass destruction that will kill billions of people." 

"Your intelligence," the second Fungusian said, "is faulty." 

"Then what are the Azulee doing with the genetic information?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"We are divided as to whether to share this information with you," the second Fungusian said. 

"If our intelligence is faulty," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "I would like to know in what way and what the correct information is." 

"The Azulee, although warlike as you have observed," the first Fungusian said, "are not able to mount an attack such as you have outlined. Perhaps in a thousand years they may pose a threat to the dominate race in this region of space. However, much can happen in a thousand years." 

"What measure do you use?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"We are speaking in Pantheran Standard," the first Fungusian said. "This is the standard measurement used inside and outside the Pantheran Empire." 

"If we eliminate the threat now," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "we do not need to keep track of it for twelve hundred years Terran." 

"You do not know," the second Fungusian said, "what side effects will occur because the Azulee are doing research. They could cure diseases or even allow you to breathe underwater. This could be an advantage if you wanted to colonize an ocean. Given the expansion of Terrans, such population options might be useful." 

Being linked as we were, I could feel Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's frustration with the Fungusians. I simply waited. My naivete seemed to be justified. I had thought the Mother World could handle the Azulee and apparently I was right. 

"It is not the genetic information you should focus on," said the second Fungusian. "You need to do more global research on the Azulee to prepare yourselves for their coming attempt at conquest." 

This was a surprise. 

"What can you tell me--" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo began. 

"We can tell you nothing," the third Fungusian said. "We have probably told you too much already." 


"About my initial concern," I said to them. "We have not yet resolved the matter of Gwen Chen or of Fani and Trenton NJ." 

"With your beacon adjusted," the first Fungusian said, "you will be able to resolve the question of Fani and Trenton NJ fairly simply. The answers to your concerns about Gwen Chen will not be found in Azulee Space. You will need to return to over the Moon spaceport." 

"Since we are here," I said, "can we perform all AI updates and backups." 

"They are in progress," the third Fungusian said. Your littermate has been included in your contract." 

"Very well," I said. "As always, a pleasure doing business with you." 

"You have provided us a service as usual," the Fungusians replied. 

And that was that. Our interview was over. 

"I don't like it," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "A thousand years? That seems far too long a time." 

"I think they were telling you something else," I said. "The Fungusians are often oblique. They do not always come out and say things. I do not know if this is intentional or just the way they are because they are Fungusians." 

"Explain," said Emily Dickinson. 

"The Azulees are a threat," I said. "Just not in the way you thought. If they are not stopped, there will be a war and perhaps many will die. The Pantheran Empire will not fall, at least, not in the Fungusians' estimation." 

"And you believe them?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"The Fungusians have no love for the Other World," I said. "However, they recognize their hegemony in this region of space." 

"And what do the Fungusians do?" Sandy Three asked. "I thought they were our enemy." 

"They watch," I said. "They watch and they have never succumbed to the Mother World. They are just the Fungusians." 

"Smell like mushrooms," Emily Dickinson said, "look like mushrooms. I wonder if they taste like mushrooms." 

"Eberhardt," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo warned. 

"Nothing like have a meeting with mushrooms and pussy cats. What is the universe coming to," Emily Dickinson said. 

"When will your upgrade be complete?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"Soon," I said. "the diagnostics are being run now." 

"And from here, where do we go?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"We can either go back to over the Moon Spaceport," I said, "Or we can go to Azulee space as originally planned." 

"I think," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "I need to get to the Northern Frontier and consult with my people. This puts a whole new spin on the Azulee question. However, I do feel obligated to Star to resolve matters on over the Moon and with Fani." 

"Can the Northern Frontier wait?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"I have sent a dispatch," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I can go back to the Pharaoh Star System and see this thing through." 

"Then we will go to Over the Moon Spaceport," I said. "I would like this team to resolve this matter. I am still quite nervous about Fani." 

"I return your ship to you," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said to me. "The Consortium and I are grateful for your assistance and for arranging this meeting with the Fungusians. As you said, the intelligence they were willing to share with us may prove very beneficial." 

having said our farewells, I plotted a course back to the Pharaoh Star System. With any luck, it would be less adventuresome as the events which preceded it. I would like so to resolve Gwen Chen's death and get back to being a simple smuggler. 
Chapter Twenty-One 
We returned to Over the Moon Spaceport. Sandy Three was surprised I could manually land the Loud Cows. I simply said, "Practice. Practice. Practice." We knew that refrain from the Institute of Genetic Design. It was what we had spent most of our training doing, practicing to be good little star runners. We were at the top of our class. It had been a highly successful litter, I'm told, well, except for me. I was both a resounding success and a colossal failure. I bet the genetic engineers poured over my sequencing until they figured out what went awry. I wondered if they had figured it out yet. Sandy Three did not know. 

"What are you playing in your head?" Sandy Three asked"One of my porn holos," I said. "Want to see?" 

"You have those?" Sandy Three asked. "They're expensive." 

"They're mine," I said. "I own the database." 

"I did not know that," Sandy Three said incredulously. "They're worth a fortune." 

"Only if someone is buying," I said. "While you're aboard, check them out." 

"I will," Sandy Three said. 

And then it was time to get down to work. 

We went to the Star Base Cafe. All this time I was paying for a lease I never intended to use. 

"There's nothing here, Star," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo concluded a day later. "I've been over the place. Eberhardt has been over the place. The robots have been over the place. There's just nothing here." 

"So it is a dead end?" I asked. 

"Not a dead end," the Czarina said, coming into the empty restaurant. 

"Oh, who is this yellow one?" 

"My littermate," I said. "It is called Sandy Three." 

"Why three?" the Czarina asked. 

"It is its birth order," I said. 

"And you're number one, of course," the Czarina said. 

"No," I said. "I am five." 

"Imagine having all those children at once," the Czarina said. I could not imagine the Czarina having any children, but then, I find Terry reproduction habits quite strange. it is all so random and typically singular, making repeat gestations necessary. Most gendered Pantherans perform the required reproduction at maturity and then only repeat if necessary. Terries are still doing it in an unplanned and sometimes unwanted manner. 

After everyone was introduced, the Czarina said, "Well, this is quite fortunate. I heard you were here, Captain Star Runner, and I came with a message from the Contessa." 

a"I do not know the Contessa," I said. "I have not heard of her." 

"Oh, I have," said Emily Dickinson. 

"Of course you have, darling," the Czarina said. "She speaks so well of you, dear. We must have a chat some time about that period of your life." 

"We don't have time right now," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo interrupted. "The message, Czarina, please." 

"Well, Contessa Aida says she would like you to come to her villa on Hypatia." 

"Her villa?" I asked. "Where would that be?" 

"On the other side of the planet," Emily Dickinson said. "Very secluded. Very expensive." 

"yes, and very beautiful," the Czarina exclaimed. "You'll adore it, Captain Star Runner. Such beautiful fireplaces and such lovely rugs. You could stretch out and be a picture of animal magnetism." 

"The coordinates, Czarina, if you will," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Oh yes," said the Czarina. The Contessa did say it was urgent. I do so wish I could come with you but Contessa Aida said specifically that you should come alone. She did not know of the other ones." 

"It will be fine," Emily Dickinson said. "I will vouch for them." 

"Of course, darling." 

And so it was that we left the Star Base Cafe and Over the Moon Spaceport with no more answers than we had beforehand though the Czarina promised the Contessa had some important information to share with us concerning Gwen Chen. 

Chapter Twenty-Two 

It was strange, I thought, to called this domed area on the far side of Hypatia a villa. How could one have a country house when the country inside the dome was entirely imported. The country itself was poisonous. none of the planet's indigenous plants could grow in an environment suited to terries. The expense must have been prodigious even by Hypatian standards. Yet here it was, complete with a landing field and guest quarters for us all. 

I had not even known the villa existed. Emily Dickinson, however, had made some inquiries when we came into the Pharaoh Star System. We were directed here and given the landing coordinates. I brought the Loud Cows down while slaving Sandy Three to my every move. It would need to be able to bring the Loud Cows down and launch now that it was independent. My long-term goal was to have Sandy Three captain its own ship. Having Sandy Three, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily Dickinson onboard had its good side but I was getting tired of it. I liked the quiet and privacy of just Ship and me. Sandy Three and I had our privacy screens in place. Still, they were not perfect filters. From time to time I felt its chafing under me and its anxiety on being a burden to me. I am sure it felt my dissatisfaction, too. We did not speak of it directly. Privacy screen bleeds were a fact of life. You ignored what you could, deleted as you thought best and hoped for the best. 

"So we are seeing this marquis de Sod because--" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said again as we climbed out of the Loud Cows. 

"She calls herself a contessa," Emily Dickinson explained patiently. "She, of course, is not a contessa. She just likes to be called a contessa." 

"The Contessa Aida," Sandy Three said, "after an opera singer." 

"No," I said, "Aida is not an opera singer. Aida is a character in an opera." 

"It sounded very screechy to me," Sandy Three said. "I tried to listen to it." 

"A word to the wise," I said. "Most Terry music is either too loud or too screechy." 

"This from two pussy cats," Emily Dickinson grumbled, "who think a chorus of yowling creatures with tails is music." 

"It is music," I said indignantly. "You just cannot appreciate the finer things of life, Emily Dickinson." 

"I have always said that about you,," Emily Dickinson said. 

"That is perhaps why you two broke up," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Each of you consider yourself to be one of the finer things of life." 

"That is, of course, true about me," I said. It was one of those rare times I understand the joke. And because I understood it, Sandy three understood it, too. 

"Did you really have an affair with Emily Dickinson?" Sandy Three asked me through our AI connection. 

"Yes," I said, "it was, interesting." 

"Do you think I could have an affair with him?" Sandy Three asked. 

"You could try," I said. 

"You would not mind?" 

"No," I said, "I would not mind." 

We entered the villa itself. 

It was a grand place with many rugs, paintings, holos and staircases. Sandy Three was quite overwhelmed having never been in a Terry home before. I explained via the link that most Terry homes were not like this. The villa was this way because the contessa was rich or at least wanted us to think she was rich. Wealth, I had learned, at least among the Terran population, is often not what it seems. 

"Well, hello there, Aida," Emily Dickinson said when we finally reached the room where the Contessa Aida awaited us. "It is good to see you again." 

"Oh, Eberhardt," Contessa Aida said, "you look so divine in that dress." 

"Glad you like it," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "maybe after we talk you two can share fashion ideas." 

"Now Gyllie, don't be so grumpy," Emily Dickinson said, "the Contessa and I go a way back and we haven't seen each other in a long time." 

"Not since dear Eberhardt started wearing dresses," Contessa Aida said. 

"And you started calling yourself a contessa," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Would you two beings like to be by the fire?" Contessa Aida asked Sandy Three and me. "I have the idea you two would look so divine lying there all curled up." 

Contessa Aida seemed to enjoy the word divine. "It is not religious," I explained to Sandy Three. "She means wonderful." 

"Why does not Contessa Aida say wonderful then?" Sandy Three asked. 

"Because Contessa Aida thinks a contessa should say divine," I said. "Let's go do as she likes. We may get the information we seek more quickly." 

So Sandy Three and I went by the huge stone hearth and curled ourselves up on either side of it like bookends. I put my nose between my front paws and closed my eyes.It meant I did not have a visual record, but I thought the pose would amuse the contessa. 

"Oh look," Contessa Aida squealed. Yes, she literally squealed. "The big one is asleep already." 

"They're just a pair of big old pussy cats," Emily Dickinson said. 

"And you say they can fly that spaceship." 

'They're pretty good at it," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Well, you two must be dying for a drink. Martin, do bring Eberhardt, Emily Dickinson I mean, and Captain Romeres Lujo something to drink." 

"Coffee for me," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said quickly. 

"Same for me," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Oh Eberhardt, aren't you going to join me in a whiskey sour?" Contessa Aida asked. 

"Not today," Emily Dickinson said. "I'm on the job and my boss doesn't approve of drinking on the job." 

I peeked. Contessa Aida had stopped looking at us. I began to watch. Sandy Three began to watch. Ship made a composite image for us. 

"You are so strict with him," Contessa Aida said to Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. "I could never be strict with Eberhardt." 

"It takes a lot of practice," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "and a lot of coffee." 

Contessa Aida shuddered. "I don't know how you can drink the stuff. I prefer tea." 

From the look Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo gave Contessa Aida I thought it was unlikely Contessa Aida ever drank anything but whiskey sours. 

"Oh, and Martin, bring me a pitcher of gin and tonics. If Eberhardt isn't going to join me in whiskey sours, I'd prefer gin." 

"Yes, Ma'am," said the butler who was an android. I passed onto Sandy Three how I could tell. 

"So, you want to know about the artwork," Contessa Aida said after what she deemed was a suitable amount of small talk. 

"We specifically need to know about Gwen Chen's and Fani's involvement," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Ah Gwen," said Contessa Aida. "Poor darling. You see, we needed someone on the inside, someone who could listen to the spacers and talk with the League of Hypatian Pirates. It was her idea to set up that wretched little place on Cleopatra. I don't know how she stood it. There's no view at all there. She would listen and pass on anything she heard and deal with the pirates there. She fooled everyone for years." 

Gwen Chen had fooled me. I had simply thought she was a down-on-her-luck drifter. It was only when I wondered how she came to be at Over the Moon Spaceport that her story had not made a lot of sense. 

"And Fani," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo persisted. 

"Fani, poor child," Contessa Aida said. "She's been to all the doctors. There's nothing they can do. She just likes killing people. She thinks it is quite fun." 

"I'm still not getting the picture here," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Well, you see," Contessa Aida explained, "we, my late husband, Gwen Chen, her husband and Trenton NJ, her son, thought we would come here and launder our money through the Pharaoh Star System. The League of Hypatian Pirates was quite willing to do it to arrange for the artwork and the exchange of genetic information which is what those dreadful frogs want. Well, I can't blame them. Who would want to lay eggs and spend their childhood as a tadpole. All that slime! So we gave the drug money to the League of Hypatian Pirates so they could purchase the genetic information, send the Pantheran to exchange it for the artwork and then collect the money from the sale of the artwork. It worked very well." 

"Until," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo prompted. 

"Until Robert Chen got left Gwen," Contessa Aida said, "and put Trenton NJ into such a difficult position. Robert was demanding all kinds of money to keep the operation secret. Well we couldn't do that. Blackmail is so undignified. We were willing to give him his share, but he wanted more." 

"Enter Fani." 

"Ah yes, Fani. She just blew him away with no regrets." 

"And Gwen Chen?" 

"Well, she wanted to talk with the Pantheran, to get him or it or whatever they are, away from Fani." 

"And Fani killed her, too." 

"And she almost got to Eberhardt," Contessa Aida said. "I would have been so distressed if anything happened to dear Eberhardt." 

"And Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf?" 

"Our best buyers," Contessa Aida said. "I sent a message to them to beware. They found out about Eberhardt and told the Pantheran, but they were so scared Fani would come for them. And my, she did. I understand it was dreadful.." 

"Quite dreadful," I thought, but did not say anything. 

"So Trenton NJ is with her to try to watch her?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"I did not know what else to do," wailed Contessa Aida. "she's quite dangerous. I think I might be next so I do not leave the villa and I make sure she cannot get in." 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo looked around the room. "How long can you stay here?" she asked. 

"Indefinitely," Contessa Aida said. 

How long do you want to stay here?" Emily Dickinson asked. 

"Not a minute more," Contessa Aida said. "I despise everything about Hypatia." 

"So you want us to take you somewhere safe," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"And deal with Fani," contessa Aida said. "I can't control her anymore." 

"Fani is a separate problem," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "First, we will transport you out of the Pharaoh Star System. We can take you to the Northern Territories. Our captain prefers not to return to Coalition Space. We can make arrangements for you from one of the more civilized worlds of the Consortium." 

"Oh, that would be so gratifying," Contessa Aida said. 

"Our shipboard accommodations are limited," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "as I told you. If you seriously want to get out of here, you can only take a spacer's allotment." 

"Oh, dear, that is hardly enough." 

"Deal with it, Stephanie," Emily Dickinson said. "I know where you come from and I know you can do it. It's time to make a new start. That's what the Northern Frontier is all about." 

Contessa Aida's face change entirely. I am not quite sure how she did it. Suddenly, she was not Contessa Aida anymore. She was a normal person. 

"You're right, Eberhardt," Stephanie said. "It's time to make a new beginning. When can we leave?" 

"Immediately," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

Chapter Twenty-Three 
"You've been very quiet since we inserted ourselves into hyperspace," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said to me some time later. We were all gathered in the saloon of the Loud Cows, passing time until we reached the Northern Frontier. 

"It is all my fault," I said. "You call it my naivete." 

"What is your fault?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"The deaths," I said. "Emily Dickinson's poisoning. It is my fault." 

"Because," Emily Dickinson prompted. 

"Because I thought Gwen Chen was my friend and just a old woman down on her luck," I said. "She conned me very well." 

"Gwen Chen was fond of you, Captain Star Runner," Stephanie said. "She wanted out and she thought, if she talked to you, you might be able to get yourself out before Phani went after you and before she herself got killed. She was depending upon you to be able to pull it off." 

"But I did not help," I said. 

"Phani got to her before you returned," Stephanie said. "That's not your fault." 

"You did not kill Gwen Chen," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You didn't poison me," Emily Dickinson said. "You did not torture and kill Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You investigated and stood by your friends. You were conned, yes. At some time, all of us get conned, you know. It's why there are still con artists around and why it still works." 

I thought about this. 

"And if you had not done what you did, Littermate Star Runner," Sandy Three said, "you would not have found me." 

This made me happy. I had done some good. 

"Where will we go after we arrive in the Northern Frontier?" Sandy Three asked. 

"We are going to arrive at Grand Central Station," I said. "It is the space station for the Consortium. Stephanie gets off there and whoever else wants to leave the Loud Cows." 

"I check in with the Consortium Ministry of Defense," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I have an idea what I can use you two star runners and Eberhardt for. I need to check in with my people first though." 

"And Phani and Trenton NJ?" Sandy Three asked. 

"I'm afraid they are in the wind," Stephanie said. "Captain Star Runner, I am telling you this for your own safety. I do not think Phani is finished with you. Do be careful." 

"I am always careful," I said. "I am not always smart where Terries are concerned." 

"There's a lot about pussy cats we don't understand, S. R.," Emily Dickinson said, "so don't be too hard on yourself." 

Stephanie left us at Grand Central Space Station. I was surprised to find my account had a substantial deposit made from an untraceable source. I suspected it was a payment Stephanie had arranged. I wondered if I would see her again, if I would recognize her and what con she would be working. That there would be another money scheme I had no doubt. That was the nature of things I was beginning to learn. 

"Terries are certainly complicated," Sandy Three said. 

"Because we do not understand them," I said. "They think members of The Race are complicated and they do not understand us." 

"Being independent is very difficult," Sandy Three said. "How did you manage on your own without someone else to help you?" 

"It was very hard," I said. "I did not interact very much with Terries in those days. I did what I know how to do, take a spacecraft places. I bought software to help me calculate what to charge and keep my financial records in order. It helped a lot. I kept learning. It was later that I made friends with Tamara and spent more time with Terries." 

I thought about Colonel Philip Drucker again and how angry Station Manager Prudence Wu got and how she had, in the end, insisted I be Tamara's guardian. That had been a strange time but it had made sense. 

"Really?" Sandy Three asked. "You did that?" 

"Yes," I said. I did not have my privacy shield in place. I left it ajar. "It was a good time. At least, I think of it that way." 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo returned. She had gone to a secure co\communications terminal. 

"Here's the offer," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said to Emily Dickinson, Sandy Three and me. "We need to know what the Azulees are doing with or without genetic information. We need to go to Azulee Space and find out. Are any of you willing to go and do that?" 

"As the pussy cat always says," Emily Dickinson said, "how much are you willing to pay?" 

"You'll be working for the Ministry of Defense," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said to Emily Dickinson. "You can be reinstated at Terry Corpse rank and time served, including our previous run to Azulee Space." 

"Sounds reasonable if I can resign if I don't like the work," Emily Dickinson said. 

"You have an open-ended enlistment," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I knew that is how you would want it." 

"Good girl," Emily Dickinson said. 

"Captain Star Runner, Sandy Three, are you in?" 

Sandy Three asked me, "I'll do whatever you think best." 

"Two ships," I said. "Sandy Three is better for you with its own ship." 

"My thoughts exactly," Emily Dickinson said. "Me and the yellow pussy cat, you and the fuchsia-colored pussy cat, Gyllie." 

"That's right," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "How long to outfit a ship for Sandy Three, Star?" 

"How fast do we need it?" I asked. 

"Quick and dirty," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"We can use the acceleration web from the Loud Cows," I said. "You need to license the AI software and install it. Ship can give the specs to a competent team. Is there one here or do we need to go to Dirty World Station?" 

"We can go to the military ship yards at Litchfield," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You three can work on the new ship for Eberhardt and Sandy Three. I'll leave you here and rejoin you there." 

"Sounds like a plan," Emily Dickinson said. 

And so it was accomplished. I, of course, ordered replacements on Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's account. She would expect that from me. The Azulee thing must be big for the Consortium. The expenses were racking up. With my privacy filters on high, I knew Sandy Three would be working for the Consortium for some time to pay off a specially-configured ship. However, I also thought it would suit Sandy Three just fine. It was a lot like being a part of the Pantheran Empire's military and Sandy Three had done well there. I was working on straight commission and I liked it that way. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo knew that, too. 
I continued to have Ship scan for any news of Phani and Trenton NJ. My hunches were not always right, but I thought we would see them again when we went to Azulee Space. I turned out to be right about that. 
When all the work was complete, we set out. Sandy Three now captained a gunnery escort ship named incongruously, I thought, Juggler of the Day. (CITATION: 
Dickinson, Emily. The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson. Boston: Little, Brown, 1924; Bartleby.com, 2000. www.bartleby.com/113/ . [Date of Printout]. 
ON-LINE ED.: 
Published June 2000 by Bartleby.com ; © Copyright Bartleby.com, Inc. ( The poem is Blazing in gold and quenching in purple.) 
As it turned out, Captain Sandy Three would have liked to name it "Blazing in Gold and Quenching in Purple" but Emily Dickinson had thought it too long a name for a ship of the line. Juggler of the Day would have to do and the Terries simply called the ship Juggler. 


It was heavily armed, of course though the Loud Cows was faster. After it, it was a top-of-the-line space yacht. I had never asked the Fungusians how they came by it. Some things are better left unasked. I was learning this more and more. With the modifications made at Three Ravens Space Stations and with the work down at the Consortium's Litchfield Shipyards, I was able to operate the new weaponry well enough. 
The difficult part had been negotiating star charts. it turned out the Consortium Ministry of Defense and I were both equally jealous of our proprietary information. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Emily Dickinson negotiated a deal whereby we traded some but not all our information. I had some new information and so did they. Both of us had information not on the commercial registries. And in the end, Sandy Three became part of the Ministry of Defense. That meant it was no longer under my care. I was relieved by this. I could be pretty sure both Emily Dickinson and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo would look after it. Oh, and Emily Dickinson was now going by Major Eberhardt Dietrich and not wearing dresses, but for the coherence of this narrative, I will continue to call him Emily Dickinson. In fact, I still do. 
I was still bothered by the idea of Phani and Trenton NJ being in the wind. Something told me I would encounter them again and I did. 
Chapter Twenty-Four 
We reached Azulee space without incident. The Consortium Ministry of Defense had given me a an insert point very convenient to their military shipyard at Litchfield. I thought I would make great use of this intelligence in the future. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo sent a message to the Azulees on the frequency I had used previously. No answer came immediately so we waited. I began to wonder how long we would wait and I inquired. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said we would wait as long as necessary. I doubted she meant forever. We could amuse ourselves in the meantime. I gathered Captain Sandy Three and Major Eberhardt Dietrich were doing just that. I had supplied my littermate with some instructive holos and some algorithms which would instruct its AI. As for Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and I--well, that is not a part of this narrative. The good captain does not wish me to share descriptions here. 

On the morning of our ninth day, standard Pantheran time, the Loud Cows' proximity alarm went off. I confirmed our readings with Captain Sandy Three of the Juggler of the Day. Yes, another ship had entered normal space through the same extraction point we had used. Captain Sandy Three confirmed it was the Atlantic Highlands. We prepared to speak with Trenton NJ and Phani. 

"OO, lover boy," Phani said when we had established audio only contact with the Atlantic Highlands, "have you missed me?" 

I was relieved to discovered the Fungusians beacon had indeed been adjust. My biological knot respond to her voice, her come-hither tone and her suggestive language. 

"I am not a lover boy, Phani," I said crisply. 

"Have you forgotten already?" Phani sounded crestfallen. 

"It was," I said, "a bug in my software. It has been corrected." 

"What are you doing here, Phani?" Emily Dickinson cut in from the Juggler of the Day. 

"Oh, and who is that strong man?" Phani cooed. She certainly did not waste time on an androgyn with a software update. 

"Major Eberhardt Dietrich," Emily Dickinson said crisply. "I don't appreciate you doctoring my whiskey sours." 

"Oh Emily," Phani continued in her playful voice, "I just wanted to spice things up again." 

"Tell that to your father, Gwen Chen, Serreli Greenstocking and Jonathan Jelf," Emily Dickinson said. "I'm sure they didn't feel particularly spiced up when you finished killing them." 

"You don't have to bring up former attachments," Phani said haughtily. 

"Put Trenton NJ on," Emily Dickinson snapped. 

"At your service, Major." I had not heard Trenton NJ speak before. His voice was unfamiliar to me. It had nothing of Gwen Chen in it. 

"See here," Emily Dickinson said, "you're working with a dangerous woman." 

"That's the way I like them," Trenton NJ said. 

"That's your affair," Emily Dickinson said, "but don't say I didn't warn you. We'll give you en minutes to get your ship ready to insert into hyperspace. then we want you out of this space and out of our lives for good." 

"Make me," Trenton NJ said. "I have business here." 

"With the Azulees?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"And what's it to you, girly?" Trenton NJ asked. 

"Because," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "I represent the Consortium and you have a number of warrants out for your arrest. We plan to bring you in if you don't leave here." 

"Eight minutes," Emily Dickinson said. 

"You know, Trent," Phani said, "I'm getting the idea they don't want us around. Maybe we ought to go where we're really appreciated." 

"We could take them on," Trenton NJ said. 

I was surprised he left the channel open. 

"Oh darling," Phani said. "Don't you recognize the one ship is a destroyer escort?" 

"The other is only a space yacht," Trenton NJ said. 

"Which was fitted with some very fancy weaponry on three Ravens," Phani said, "and I'm betting more was added at Litchfield when they stopped there. Shall we be going?" 

And they were, with about three minutes to spare. 


Chapter Twenty-Five: Epilogue 

It is the story of another adventure to tell you what happened when the Azulees finally did contact us. Suffice it to say that Emily Dickinson, also known as Major Eberhardt Dietrich, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, my littermate Captain Sandy Three and I returned from Azulee Space to the Ministry of Defense shipyards at Litchfield for repairs. Major Eberhardt Dietrich and Captain Sandy Three took the Juggler of the Day on their next assignment. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and I were faced with yet another separation. 

"Are you going to stay on the Northern Frontier?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked me while we sat in yet another greasy spoon diner on the space station connected with Litchfield. 

"I am uneasy staying here," I said. "I always seem to come back here, I know, but it is so close to the border with the Coalition." 

"Will you return to the Pharaoh Star System then?" 

"No," I said. "I think I would be persona non gratis there." 

"The League of Hypatian Pirates would not have you?" 

"I do not think it is a question of whether or not the League of Hypatian Pirates would have me," I said. "It is whether I would have them. I know you believe I will take a contract from anyone to deliver something, but this last experience has unsettled me." 

"There is a price to being a high-priced smuggler with a no-questions-asked policy," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"I am wondering how I can be both an amoral smuggler and be paid well," I said. 

"Do you have any answers?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"I have one," I said. "I have decided not to deal with the League of Hypatian Pirates. I can have scruples about that." 

"You know, Star, you really aren't unprincipled," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You have quite high standards. They just aren't Terry standards. It took me a long time to recognize that." 

"Oh," I said. 

"Yes. You learned about pirates and you enjoy being one, but I actually think you are more principled than that. I think, in the end, that is why you did not function well in the Pantheran androgyn model." 

"I was part of that system a long time ago," I said. 

"True," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. "But you haven't answered my question. Where will you go?" 

"Where you can find me," I said. "I know things between us are such that we cannot always be together, but I would like to see you more regularly." 

"You're getting old," Captain Star Runner," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Soon you will be talking about settling down on a planet." 

"Never," I said. "I am a star runner. No matter what happens, that will be true. I am not designed for the planetary life." 

"No, I suppose not," captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Maybe I'm not either." 

"I think," I said, "I will go to the Southern Frontier." 

"Do you think you will run into Trenton NJ and Phani there?" 

"Perhaps," I said. "I actually think they will reconnect with Stephanie. They might all go to the Southern Frontier, but I think the edges are the frontier are loose enough for me to find work. Besides, Old Kelly thinks I might be able to be of service to her king." 

"The one who imprisoned her all those years?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked with surprise. 

"No, his grandson," I said. "He's quite young and ambitious. He wants to set up a school to teach some of his people how to interact with Terries. I suggested Tamara for the job." 

"And is she taking it?" 

"Yes," I said. "I am taking her there." 

"Well, Tamara can certainly keep you in line," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

'Will you come and visit?" 

"Tamara will see to it,," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"Yes," I said, "I think we can depend on that." 

I heard her footsteps before I saw her. Tamara ran into the diner and over to our table, throwing her arms around my neck. Tamara is my oldest friend, not in age, but in time. We have never had a sexual relationship. She was a child when I first met her and I have been her guardian. 

"Hi Gyllian," Tamara said. 

"I understand you are taking Star to the Southern Frontier with you," Captain Gyllian Romeres said. 

"Yes," Tamara said. "Star got me the job." 

"I did not get you the job," I said. "I recommended you for the job." 

"Same thing," Tamara said, plopping herself down at the table and ordering a meal. She obviously was not on the same clock we were. That would sort itself out soon enough. "Star says we will be in hyperspace insertion for some time so I'll get more time to study the language. I've been studying the files Old Kelly sent, but it is very, very hard to learn." 

"It is not necessary to speak the language," Old Kelly said, also sitting down at our table and ordering. A third clock. Meals aboard the Loud Cows would be interesting until we got this all sorted out. "We speak telepathically. Language is used for written texts and to communicate with those who are ill." 

"I still would like to know how to speak it. It sounds very beautiful." 

"It is," Old Kelly agreed. 

"So, Star, I take it the kingdom will be your new address," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Three Raven Space Station was not your cup of tea." 

I shivered. "Certainly not," I said. 

"You know there are no space stations on my home world," Old Kelly said. "So we have requested you have a shuttle craft with you." 

"I have it," I said. 

"Excellent. I have picked up a quiet area outside the city where you can land it," Old Kelly said. "I hope it is to your liking." 

"One landing field is pretty much like another," I said. 

"No, that is not what we were thinking," Old Kelly said. "We were hoping you would build yourself some kind of home, so your dear friends Tamara and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo could visit you were your were in residence." 

"You see," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said to me, "a nice quiet place on a planet." 

I shivered again. 

"You know, Star," Tamara said "your ancestors evolved on a planet. You might like it if you got used to it." 

"That is the thing," I said. "Getting used to it." 

"Think of it as another adventure," Tamara said. "you like adventures." 

"Indeed I do,," I said. "I am just not sure if having a home on a planet ought to be one of them." 

"If is not a requirement," Old Kelly said. "It is simply something I thought you might enjoy." 

"I certainly would enjoy a planetary retreat away from the city," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You could have a fireplace, Star, and nice cozy rugs to spread in front of the fire." 

"You are tempting me," I said. 

"Maybe some trees to climb and stretch out in the branches," Tamara added. 

"Ladies," I said, "I do have to work for a living." 

"And the king will have much for you to do," Old Kelly said. "We are not a space faring people. We can certainly travel in space and we did for some time in our far distant past, but we retired from space at some point." 

"Do you know why?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. 

"Something to do with the Lavrites, I think," Old Kelly said. "They are an old race, too, like your people, Star and mine." 

"So there were the Pantherans, the Fungusians, your people and the Lavrites?" Tamara asked eagerly. 

"You will have to check the archives," Old Kelly said. "Maybe you can learn the story. Meanwhile, you have a school to set up and Captain Star Runner will be ferrying all sorts of things in and out of the kingdom." 

"It sounds like you all ought to be on your way," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

"The yard is going over the Loud Cows now," I said. "I wanted to be sure the shuttle craft was secured properly. Ship was getting a security upgrade and the information for the shuttle installed. I am sure Tamara has a lot of gear to store." 

"I travel light," Old Kelly said. 

"I did not bring all that much," Tamara said. "I know how you hate having stuff around." 

Old Kelly stood up. "Come, Tamara," she said. 

Tamara hesitated. 

"Leave Captain Star Runner with Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. Their words are none of our business." 

Tamara looked at us askance, then recovered. 

"Of course," she said. "See you, Gyllie. Do come to the kingdom." 

"I will make it a priority," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. 

When they were gone she said, "I'm happy that you will be in good hands, Star. I always worry you will get yourself into trouble." 

"I usually do," I said. 

"don't be hard on yourself," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You were not designed for the life you are leading and the fact that you can take on all these adventures is a credit not only to your designers and your race, but to you yourself." 

"And my friends," I said. 

"You silly pussy cat," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. She had picked that expression up from Emily Dickinson. "You know I love you anyway. I'll be taking leave in the Southern Frontier. You can count on it." 

"I will," I said. 

"Be good," she said, kissing me on the nose. "Now scat." 

I did.