 THE ADVENTURES OF STAR RUNNER, THE PANTHERAN
Book Two: The Republic of Space

Chapter One

I paced the long spine of the ship, restless. It was an uncomfortable feeling for me. My biochemistry is carefully monitored and regulated by my AI, which I simply call Ship. We are in constant communication. I see three-dimensional pictures in my head, know what my ship knows, and tell my ship what to do as I was doing it myself. In a very real way, I am the ship and the ship is I. We are not two entities but one. On the other hand, I experience my reality not only through my senses and the ship's sensors, I have my own physical, mental and emotional responses which my ship does not share with me.

Missing Tamara was one of the experiences my ship did not share with me. The AI only knew what affect her absence was having on me as I padded up and down the central axis of the Northern Star as we, the ship and me, made for Grand Central Station in the heart of the Consortium.

Tamara was my human friend. I had met her on Pirate's Cove some time ago. When my little ship was destroyed carrying important data to the Sacred way, a confederation of human religious worlds, Tamara had announced she wasn't ready to go to Socrates, the university world of the northern frontier. I had refitted another ship, making it habitable for both of us--a runner's acceleration web, climbing apparatus and basket for me, a small cabin and head for her. The Northern Star also had a saloon and a small galley where Tamara prepared human style meals for each of us. Although I can receive all my nutrition from my ship while strapped into my acceleration web, most space going members of The Race prefer to eat a concentrated food stuff we all call crunchies. However, I have a weakness for human cuisine and, with ship's monitoring; it can provide most of my nutritional needs. It is variety also helps keep my weight under control. There isn't a lot to do on an uneventful space voyage except eat. Now that Tamara had gone, I was eating crunchies sparingly and depending on ship to medicate me appropriately which was happening. It just wasn't as fulfilling as smelling the aromas coming out of the galley when Tamara prepared a meal and coming to the bar separating the galley from the saloon to eat a meal with Tamara.

Tamara had insisted we name the new ship. She had suggested Nautilus as a name. I had objected to this name. Nautilus was an earthbound sea creature and a name given to ships that moved in Earth's seas called a submarine. Tamara assured me that it was a name with a proud history. I had read Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Seas by Jules Verne to see what she meant. Although I appreciated the literary illusion Tamara was trying to bestow on my craft, I was content with a registration number.

"That is no fun," Tamara had said. "Your other ship had a name."

"Everyone called it Star Runner," I said.

"That is your name," Tamara said. "You can't call your ship after yourself."

"First of all," I said, "my name isn't Star Runner."

"What do you mean, 'your name isn't Star Runner'?" Tamara demanded.

"People just call me that," I said, "because I am a runner and because I have this mark on my forehead. But it is not my name."

"Then what is your name?" Tamara asked.

"I do not have one," I said. "I have a unique identification number. It is on all legal documents, even the one that bought this ship."

"But people had to call you something, even at the Institute, Tamara said. They did not rattle off your number, did they?"

"Occasionally," I said, "but not very often. It is quite long, giving my genetic history, date of birth, position in the litter and my projected educational tract."

"Then what did people call you?"

"Mostly, they called me by my color or my size," I said.

"How do you do that?" Tamara asked.

"Oh, fuchsia-colored or simply, big," I said. "It is all contextual. If you want to refer to a specific runner, you give the identification number. If you're in a classroom, say, you go by color or size."

"So how did you get to be Captain Star Runner?" Tamara asked.

"When I started trading for humans here on the northern frontier, I said, people would ask me for a name. I simply said 'I am the runner" and when spacers saw me, they said the white fur on my forehead was a star so they put the two together so I'd have a first name and  a last name like you humans do. I am captain because I am licensed to be a captain and because I have my own ship."

"But the ship still needs a name," Tamara insisted.

"But it should be about our present situation," I said. "We are not associated with a world like Long John Antique Silver star system."

"Well," Tamara said, "what are we associated with?"

"Well," I said, "we're on the northern frontier."

"How about the Northern Star?" Tamara said. "On Earth, the north star is very important for navigation."

I considered this. I had learned in my association with humans that being quiet for a time added weight to what I said. Augmented by the AI, I could think very quickly. Humans often thought I had not considered their proposals when I responded as soon as I had come to a decision.

Although Tamara's home world used north to orient itself, my homeland used west, where the sun set every evening, signaling the time when my ancestors began the hunt. I knew bringing this up would not satisfy Tamara. She did not approve of hunting. We had had some intense discussions about this in the past. Because our location is called the northern frontier, I thought northern, as part of the ship's name was practical. And Star, well, what other name was there--Northern Sun, Northern Moon? If the truth were told, I liked the name so I acquiesced to Tamara's proposal.

I was not prepared for the elaborate naming ceremony she devised, complete with a bottle of liquid smashed against the ship's outer hull and a party aboard ship with many people invited from the space station, but Tamara had insisted this was the proper human way to name a ship. As The Race did not name its ships, I had little to contribute in the matter.

But now Tamara was on Socrates, pursuing her education and I resumed my solitary life aboard ship. Right now, I was carrying an ordinary cargo from Socrates to Grand Central Station.

Ship called me to the acceleration web. I stretched out, feeling the sensors probe me.

"You are exercising too much," Ship, informed me.

"I cannot be still," I replied.

I felt myself relax, even grow a little sleepy. "Do you wish entertainment?" Ship queried.

Entertainment might be a story from the great epics of the past, a scene from a human story or one of the sexual fantasies I kept in the database for preparing myself for deep space. I considered my options. The sexual arousal would require Ship to give me the necessary hormonal chemicals, and then cleanse my system of them. A story could distract me. A role-playing adventure could offer me both distraction and a different set of chemical stimuli.

But none of these choices could replace Tamara or give me the satisfaction of her companionship and a good meal.

I rejected the lot. I did not want to be distracted. I did not want to be medicated. I wanted to figure out why I was pacing the ship. I have paced my ship before, of course. I pace when I am in need of exercise. I pace when I have a problem to solve. But I had had plenty of exercise. Ship even though too much exercise. And I had no problem to solve. The run I was making to Grand Central Station was routine. For that matter, so was the cargo. Ship could get us there with little assistance from me. I had installed state-of-the-art sensors. It was unlikely any hostile vessel could sneak up on us. We were in the middle of the northern frontier. It was unlikely we would encounter any marauders. Although the Coalition had put a significant bounty on my head some time ago, the interdiction had soured the northern frontier against the Coalition. I had learned to take precautions to safeguard myself. However, the risk of being killed or captured and transported across the border was low. The interdiction itself made such a scenario unlikely. The border patrol would fire on a northern frontier ship first and ask questions second. Even a message saying that I was aboard or even that my pelt was on board would draw extreme scientism from the border patrol. Smugglers had already tried this ruse to get across the border from northern frontier space into Coalition space. I suspected if the unthinkable were to happen and I was taken, dead or alive as the humans liked to say, the event would be so random in character as to be unavoidable. Nevertheless, I was careful where I went aboard any space station. I stayed where the spacers congregated. Although I would not call anyone there a friend, they knew me and I had their grudging respect. Humans are distrustful of other races, especially of mine since The Race is the power broker in this part of the galaxy.  We have, however, dealt fairly with one another. In space, there are rules. You help someone in distress no matter who they are. If we did not, none of us would survive. Space is a harsh environment and sooner or later, everyone runs into trouble and needs outside assistance.

I left the acceleration web and prowled about the ship again. I thought back to my time on my little ship before I had ever heard of Pirate's Cove, Tamara, Colonel Philip Drucker and the Free Residents of the Northern Territories. They called themselves FRONT and they had inveigled me into helping them steal a Coalition border patrol ship. I had been compensated well, but that was how I fell afoul of the Coalition. I was already surplus. That was why it was so easy to declare me an enemy of the Coalition. 

Had my life been simpler then? Was it better?

I thought hard about this. Ship added processor power to my thoughts. It was hard to think in this way. I am a runner, a genetically designed member of my race especially created to pilot a spacecraft. My life at the Institute had been programmed for me to achieve this outcome. I was extremely capable. I had placed at the top of my class. There were, however, two related difficulties. First, I am a fuchsia-colored Pantheran. These are rare, very rare. The protocols in the Institute's gestation labs, although they did not directly prohibit the survival of a fuchsia-colored Pantheran, did state that any anomalous juvenile was to be terminated as soon after birth as possible. In our history, a fuchsia-colored Pantheran always did something special for our race. That special thing was not always immediately pleasing to the established powers that be. The second difficulty was that I was too independent. My giftedness came with a cost. I did not bear fools well, especially gendered members of The Race who had all the top positions aboard a spaceship. I had no patience at all with my other crewmembers. I did not play their silly games, especially their hazing rituals. I was big and strong. I threw my weight around. I had killed the navigation officer on my first deep space mission when he had pinned me down in the saloon, planning to sodomize me in front of the crew. It was a hazing ritual and word had been passed around the ship. Anyone who wanted to watch the humiliation of the new hand was there. They hadn't planned on being witnesses to a fight to the death. The male crew officer thought I would submit to his commands and to his gendered status. He discovered I did not intend to be his sex slave. Androgens know how to protect themselves. The rest of the crew left me alone after that and we completed our mission with me filling both the navigator's duties and my own. The captain of the ship had said I made a good navigator and an excellent pilot but my maintenance quotient was far too high. The threat of losing a valued member of the crew was not offset by my abilities to handle the ship for long periods on my own. Well, not really on my own. I am always linked to the ship's AI. This relationship sets runners apart. It makes us both feared and avoided aboard even Pantheran ships. We serve. We burn out. We are terminated. The Race creates us. The Race also destroys us. We are androgynous because we are not expected to waste time on mating rituals. We work for The Race. That is all. It is very costly to maintain the Institute with its genetic research, gestational labs and training facility. The only way that expense can be recouped is to literally work us to death.

I would not have said it this way before I went to Pirate's Cove. This is how humans say it.

___

What was I feeling? I wished Tamara were here to help me understand. She knew a lot more about emotions. Ship analyzed based on the medical data from the scan in the acceleration web. My pacing neutralized the mild sedative. Using the litter pan and the water tap did also. 

The thought that began coalescing in my mind was loneliness. I was lonely. I missed Tamara, our meals together, our chats, even our disagreements. Time seemed to drag. But there was more.

I was used to excitement, to intrigue, to challenging myself against   everyone I met and every situation I encountered. I was not an ordinary cargo transport captain. I had made my living by living on the edge, transporting items no one wanted anyone else to know about. They were illegal, immoral or so highly prized they were a lure to those who survived by stealing from others. The term gunrunner had been applied to me as well as smuggler and pirate. I did not ask questions. I received payment and I delivered according to contract. I kept my own council and I did not disclose my business arrangements. I liked the life, meeting challenges, being the captain of my own ship. Runners were not supposed to have the business acumen to manage their own financial arrangements much less keep contracts, investments and schedules in order. I had invested heavily in software and AI technology to help me do this. Runners were supposed to need others to make decisions. I enjoyed making my own decisions, choosing which contracts to accept and which to reject. I relied on probabilities, again within the capabilities of my ship's AI.

"I want that life again," I said aloud. And then I determined to get back into it. I set Ship to sending out feelers to some of the contracts I had had before. I also instructed Ship to make it known that Captain Star Runner and the Northern Star were available for discrete inquiries.

While I waited for responses--I had been out of the game for some time and surely, other arrangements had been made in my absence--we approached Grand Central Station.

The space station was massive, an interconnected spiral of several individual stations where literally a thousand ships could dock at any given time. There was the passenger hub and several freight stations, depending on what cargo a ship was carrying. Traffic control directed us to a docking port for general supplies, away from the industrial and agricultural sectors. From our position, via Ship's sensors, I could see several luxury liners. This was a fancy place, not the out-of-the-way stations I was used to where clandestine deals were struck and ships could be repaired without a lot of questions being asked.

The queries about our origins, the cargo manifest and the delivery of goods was handled routinely. Bots assigned to this port arrived, removed the crates and I was free too go. But I had nowhere to go. I did not have another cargo ready and waiting for me. Tamara's decision to go to Socrates had been sudden and emphatic. I still did not understand why she had gone when she did, but I knew her decision was final so I had brought her. I felt myself lucky to have found a cargo at all and I had delivered it as promised. Speed had been important so I had used the power at my disposal on the Northern Star to make the voyage a quick one. 

Chapter Two

By the time the cargo was unloaded, Ship had gotten some responses, nothing definite. I decided to drop by the spacer's cafe and get a human meal in me. Perhaps that would be enough time for something to be firmed up. I was ready to do a rush job and be gone from here as soon as possible. Deep space was my home and the comfortable chatter and images of a spaceship in deep space felt right.

I jumped down from the deck onto the space way, letting myself drop onto all fours. The gravity felt a little lighter than humans normally kept their stations, but then, people were always in a hurry on Grand Central Station. It helped them get to where they were going faster. Or then perhaps it gave them a feeling of lightness and well-being, not weighted down by the cares of the day.

I would not have thought of such things if Tamara had not pointed them out to be along the way. What curious ideas these were. How different had I become?

The space station map Ship projected onto my visual cortex showed me the nearest cafe was called the Rock Island Line. 

The Rock Island Line: 
It is a mighty good road.
The Rock Island Line: it is the road to ride.
The Rock Island Line: It is a mighty good line
So if you want to ride it 
You have to ride it like you find it. 
Get your ticket at the station for the Rock island Line.

Strange, I thought. What did roads have to do with space stations?

"A railroad," Ship supplied and showed me a picture and the description of what a railroad was came into my mind. The song had been about this means of transport. Grand Central Station, Ship explained, was one of the places where many of these railroads converged on Earth, just like spaceships came to Grand Central Station here in the Consortium.

I was pleased with this rather obscure knowledge as I entered the Rock Island Line Cafe and saw pictures of trains--another word for railroad--on the wall. There were all sorts of cars to make up a train and each had a special function or carried a particular kind of freight: boxcars, refrigerator cars, ore cars, timber cars, cattle cars, and my favorite, a caboose. There were of course engines or locomotives and passenger cars, open, double-decker, enclosed and even ones with places to sleep. Traveling on them must have been fun though not nearly as fast as space travel.

"Never seen a train before, Captain Star Runner?" a familiar voice asked.

"No," I said, turning my ears in Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo direction to indicate I had heard her question. "They look like it would be fun to travel this way." I pointed at the caboose. "I like that one."

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo smiled. "Most people do," she said. "At the museums on Earth you can still take a ride on one."

"Really?"

"Oh yes." 

"Have you? I inquired.

"Yes, I have. The train rocks from side to side as it moves. Some people find it very enjoyable."

"Being tossed about?" I was amazed.

"No, not violently," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo explained. "Gently."

I turned to the menu board. It wasn't electronic. It appeared to be hand written. I hesitated for a moment, studying the way the letters were made, sending the images back to Ship to resolve them. I was still very uncertain of human handwriting. The letters could often vary a great deal from the norm and what they called cursive writing was very difficult for me to read.

"Can you make it out?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked solicitously.

"Yes, now I can," I said, seeing the words in Pantheran before my eyes. "Is the macaroni and cheese good?"

"Excellent," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo answered. "I would also recommend the cherry pie."

"I do not like cherry pie," I said. "I like chocolate chip cookies and milk."

"Another good choice," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "May I join you?"

"That will be satisfactory," I said.

I placed my order and looked for where Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was sitting. She had chosen a table off to the side, what humans call a booth. I am not fond of booths. I can sit upright well enough, but humans do not have tails and make no allowances for them. As I considered the seating arrangements in this cafe, it became clear to me, they did not cater to anyone else except humans. Well, that was the way of humanity. Adjust or be passed by. I walked on two legs over to the seat and carefully arranged myself across from Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. A have drunk cup of coffee sat in front of her.

"You're looking well, Captain Star Runner," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo began, "for someone who is wanted badly by the Coalition."

"I do not really think they want me," I said. "They would just rather I ceased to exist."

"What makes you such a person of interest?"

"For the record, I am not a person," I said, "at least as far as the Coalition is concerned. Person would be reserved for a gendered member of The Race."

"That distinction has always confused me," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, pouring more coffee into her cup from the carafe on the table. "How is it that there are gendered and non-gendered Pantherans?"

"We androgens are genetically enhanced in laboratories. Every female must give one litter to the Institute. Her eggs are harvested, fertilized, enhanced and re-implanted. When she produces and weans her first litter, her obligation is fulfilled. We are never intended to reproduce so we are de-gendered as part of our genetic manipulation. Based on projected need, androgens for specific tasks are created. That is why I am a runner."

"So why is it that you are not working for someone on Panthera?"

My food arrived. The macaroni smelled heavenly. Sadly, my milk came in a glass. I preferred it in a bowl or saucer. It was easier to lap it that way. My chocolate chip cookie was large. Yum! I dug in, relishing the way the macaroni and cheese almost slid down my throat. As in every other cafe I had ever been in, the dishes were all the same design. Tamara had told me this style was called Old Earth Diner because there had been restaurants called diners there that had used this style plate along with the decor--booths, Formica-topped tables, counters and stools and even the patches on the plastic-covered benches at the tables.

"Not all the androgens produced are suitable for their intended task," I said. "They are declared surplus."

"I remember using that word in your presence," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You ran out of the cafe on Dirty World Station. Now you seem very comfortable talking about it."

"It is the time I have spent with humans," I said. "I have explained all this lot."

"So, explain it to me."

"A surplus androgen loses support. The Institute is expensive to run. We are to work for a number of years to pay back the system. If we are deemed not to be able to do that for one reason or another, the Institute writes us off at as a loss and designates us as surplus. There are low-paying jobs that can be obtained. Sometimes an androgen can go out on their own or make private arrangements. Termination is also an option."

"Termination?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo inquired.

"I believe you humans use words like put down, euthanized, mercy killing. I am told its like going to sleep. The atmosphere is pleasant. It is not a punishment or a slaughterhouse atmosphere. It is just necessary."

"Like drowning kittens," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

There had been a time when comparing a member of The Race to an Earth cat had annoyed me. Having listened to Tamara explain about cats, both the domestic kind and the so-called big cats, I had appreciated the analogy and I had gotten more comfortable with it.  I knew the shape of my head and especially my face reminded humans of a cat. My fur, my purr and the way I carried my tail when I walked on all fours also enhanced the similarity.
 
"Something like that," I said. I licked my forepaws. I no longer tried to hide my difference from humans. I could not be human so I was Pantheran.

"So you did not make the cut," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, pouring my coffee into her cup to keep it warm.

"I did not conform to the parameters of a docile runner, available to any gendered member of The Race for their amusement," I said. "I was considered too aggressive and unpredictable."

"You are too aggressive and unpredictable," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, putting down her cup. "It is what I find so appealing about you."

I flicked my ears. That was a tone of voice I associated with human sexuality. If Tamara had said the same thing, it would have been teasing or playful, not hinting at sexual interest. Tamara and I did not have that sort of relationship. Tamara had taught me a lot about human sexuality but not by having sex.

I said nothing but looked at Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo as I drank my milk. She was well dressed in civilian clothes. I think Tamara would have called it a suit, dark jacket, white blouse, lace on the front of it and around her neck. She had long dark hair loose over her shoulders and down her back. She was wearing makeup and had applied scent. There was just a hint of pheromones in the air. I had been Colonel Philip Drucker's sexual partner. I had not ever been a human female's partner. I wondered what it would be like. I would have to instruct Ship to find a suitable simulation for me to try out later. Having thought this, I was aware that my AI was already putting my request in the queue for my attention at the proper time. I would always associate that stimulation with the taste of chocolate chip cookies.

"So why are you here on Grand Central Station?" I asked.

"I was waiting for you to get here," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

I stiffened. She waved her hand dismissively.

"Not to turn you in," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Captain Star Runner, do not be ridiculous. I need you."

"Need me?" I inquired, beginning to wash my face. I always found the deliberate nature of washing was both off-putting to humans and made me listen more carefully if I chose. I learned many things while stroking my whiskers.

"How do you keep your star so clean?" she asked.

"My star?" I inquired, pausing.

"The white patch on your forehead."

"I wash it regularly," I said, licking my left paw and rubbing the area. "You were saying you needed me for something?"

"Yes, a job you could call it," she said.

"And here I thought you wanted to rub my star," I said, putting the playfulness Tamara and I had learned together into my voice. Human intonation was tricky.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo blushed. Her pheromones increased. Yes, she was feeling something sexual. And toward me. My curiosity was piqued. The human female sexual fantasy I would experience in my acceleration web later became higher on my priority list. I had scrupulously avoided that area while Tamara was aboard but now that self-imposed restriction had been lifted.

"I can't discuss the details with you here," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, hurrying to change the subject. "I wanted to know if you were available."

Ship posted the contacts underway in a scrolling display before my eyes.

"Depends," I said. "I have other negotiations in progress. Several of them seem quite lucrative although there is risk involved. I will be leaving Grand Central Station within seventy-two hours if the most promising deal can be solidified."

"How long will that take?"

More data scrolled. The shipment would go to the Republic of Space. They paid well. There was a fair amount of risk. Getting into the Republic of Space was not always a peasant ordeal but the pay was good and the opportunity to get my adrenaline pumping again was enticing. There was a return cargo, too, which made the venture eminently satisfactory."

"Seventeen weeks," I said. "My return cargo goes to Center City Station."

"I need you before then," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"Then give me something to stay," I said.

"Something?"

"I am yours for a price--to talk," I said. "Otherwise, the contract will be drawn within the next," I consulted Ship, "three hours."

"You do not let any grass grow, do you, Captain Star Runner?"

I had learned this was a measure of time. I did not know exactly what grass was but I got her meaning.

"Docking ports cost money," I said.

Captain Gyllian Romeres pulled out her data pad from a pocket in her jacket. "Your docking fees have been paid until Tuesday," she said. "Tell you contract to find someone else."

I could not smile the way humans do. "No," I said, "I will inquire if they can delay for another three hours. By then you can tell me what this is about. Grand Central Station can bank my docking fees for another visit. I'll be back."

"My place or yours?"

"Mine," I said.

I knew she had wanted to see the inside of my ship in the past. I suspected the Northern Star would surprise her. I also knew I could play a little with her sexual interest in me. I would have her climb the ladder into my lair while I waited below. I might get a look up her skirt and a snootful of her glands, not that artificial smell she had placed on her skin. I had wanted excitement. I planned to arrange some for myself and perhaps for Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, too.

"Shall we go?" I asked, getting gratefully up out of the confining booth.

"Lead the way," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

Chapter Three

When we reached the Northern Star, I allowed Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo to precede me. She surveyed the ladder up to the Lair and began to climb. I drop to my haunches, expecting to see something. Of course, I had forgotten about human clothing. The Race only wears clothing for decoration. Humans wear clothing for a variety of reasons, warmth, protection, gender specificity, beauty, privacy. Beauty and protection I understand but gender specificity puzzles me. If they would uncover themselves, gender would be obvious. Habitats could be kept a suitable temperature to make this adaptation practical.

The smell was definitely human. It was a scent I was getting used to and beginning to make sense of. I smelled the pheromones and I smelled perspiration. Was Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo too warm or was she anxious or afraid? I would have to find out.

I stood up and stepped to the hatch, using the manual controls I had had installed for Tamara. The hatch clanged shut, affording us privacy. Although Ship would have alerted me if someone was coming, a closed hatch would give Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo the sense of privacy I thought she might need to tell me what this proposed job was all about. Without speaking aloud, I instructed Ship to adjust the lights and temperature to be comfortable for a human being. Then I jumped up onto the deck.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was sitting on the couch, looking around her at the little galley and the climbing apparatus.

"You have a jungle gym?" she asked.

"My climbing apparatus," I said, sitting down on the floor near an occasional table.

"You cook?" 

"No."

"Then why do you have a galley?"

"Maybe someone else would like to cook, I said.

Ship checked in. The Republic of Space party would give me only two more hours to conclude the contract. I had to redirect this conversation.

"About your mission," I said, "my previous party wants to know if I am in or out as soon as possible. I do not want to lose this business opportunity if I can help it so your proposal needs to be very special."

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo leaned forward, looking at me intently.

"I need to get into the Republic of Space," she said, fully expecting me to be shocked. Getting across their border was virtually impossible.

The Republic of Space is a republic in only name. It is five star systems and some nine planets worth governed by a military junta. Although I have heard words like repressive used to describe societal constraints, my understanding is that the people who live t there are not abused in any way. The rules are the rules. There is a major divide between rich and poor, but no one starves and no one is put to hard labor unless they break the rules. That cannot be said of many Coalition worlds. The Race lets world governments treat their people they way they like so long as their internal politics do not upset the Coalition or there are no adverse economic factors. The Republic of Space is, however, very suspicious of outsiders and does not like the rest of the galaxy to interfere with its citizens and internal processes.

"No problem," I said.

"No problem!" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo exclaimed. "No one can get in there. The patrol ships fire without hearing any explanations."

"And what sort of explanation would you give if they did? I asked.

"The Consortium has learned that they are amassing weapons."

"That is true," I said.

"You know this?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was surprised.

"The Coalition has known this for some time," I said. "That was in the database of the patrol ship the Free Residents of the Northern Territories captured two years ago. They had records of many transactions."

"Do you remember any details?"

I put my paw over my moth, indicating silence. I asked Ship to show me the data. After a suitable silence I said, "They have been amassing defensive weapons for their planetary defense shield, armaments for spaceships and personal arms. I can send you the details, but this information is two years old."

"I want to know what they are planning to do with this weaponry," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"And you want to get into the Republic of Space and just say, 'So what are you planning?'?

"I am not that naive," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo retorted. "I have names."

"Which system?" I asked.

"Harmony," she responded.

"Good," I said. "We leave in at five o'clock."

"That is two hours from now, Captain Star Runner. How could you possibly be ready?"

"I am ready," I said, "and so is the cargo I need to pick up at Crossroads Station bound for Concordia."

"You have a cargo originating in the Consortium for the Republic of Space? That is incredible. I've never heard of such a thing."

"I did not say it originated in the Consortium," I said. "I simply said that is where I am picking it up."

""And you can transport me in this ship?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked, looking around doubtfully.

"I have a fully stocked galley," I said, "and a cabin." I indicated the direction of Tamara's stateroom with my head. "It is small but fully functional. I also have an acceleration couch. I must tell you the G-forces will be higher than you're used to. I can't help that. This cargo is high priority."

"I'll deal with it," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said quickly.

"You'll have to," I said. "I have a schedule to keep. The Republic of Space is not understanding of delays. I'll need to know right now how much time you will need there. They do not encourage lingering. I do not want my ship impounded. And I will need to secure a return cargo."

"The Republic of Space does not trade with the rest of the frontier," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo reminded me.

"I've always returned with a full cargo bay," I said.

"You've been there before?"

"A number of times. The pay is good. The patrols can be cranky, but my pass codes have always worked going in and especially going out.

"That is the hard part," I added, "getting out. I understand if they do not like you, the pass codes you are given will not work and the patrols pick you off for practice."

"So do not piss anybody off," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"That is right," I said. "I prefer to have this hide in one piece without any bullet holes, thank you very much."

"Two hours, you said?"

"One hour and thirty-seven minutes," I said. "If you're here, you may come. Otherwise, I leave at 17:13 sharp."

"I'll be here," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"I am surprised," she said, stopping at the ladder down, "you did not ask for any remuneration."

"The charge has already been made against your account here on Grand Central Station," I said. "Your ship cant leave here until it is paid."

^^^^

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo returned with her duffle fully packed and within the standard mass   allotment for a regular spacer. We hadn't discussed contracts or her role aboard ship. She was a veteran and I am a runner. Runners are uniquely tied into their ship and she would not have expected to share any of the bridge functions with me.

"Northern Star to Traffic Control," I said through the communication array.

"Go ahead Northern Star."

"Ready to lift anchor," I said. "No tug necessary. I am operating under AI enhanced navigation."

"Confirmed, Northern Star. Proceed when ready."

The docking clamps released and we floated free of Grand Central Station.

"Anchors away," I said.

The human custom of water-related chatter has always amused me.

I confirmed the Northern Star's trajectory to jump point with Ship and we edged away from the station.

"What kind of attention do you need to give to these maneuvers?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked from her acceleration couch to my right.

"Supervisory only," I said, but when we're clear of Grand Central Station, there are protocols I need to engage in which will fully occupy my attention for about twenty-five minutes. You will have access to the computer for any music or other audio. You can bring up a slave command monitor if you like. You will not be given control unless there is a need for you to have it."

"This ship can be controlled by a human?" 

"The piloting controls are in place," I said. "They have been tested. Tamara was not space certified so I satisfied myself that she could perform basic distress functions if Ship--the AI--was unable to do them. That is all I thought necessary if the AI was working."

"A reasonable precaution," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo agreed.

Ship told me she had activated the video display in her helmet and had asked for some human orchestral music. I did not listen or give her physical presence more thought. Ship was preparing me for flight. This would include a sexual fantasy and I always enjoyed them. Ship queried if I still wanted the human female and I said yes.

The purpose of the fantasy is to relax the runner and to allow the ship's AI to medicate position and prepare the runner for the flight. I have chosen sexual fantasies because the activities of gendered members of The Race have always fascinated me. As an androgen, I do not have reproductive organs nor do I have the hormones or reproductive desires to stimulate mating behavior. The geneticists decided some time back at the beginning of the Institute, to make it possible for androgens to experience sexual behavior through brain stimulation. My orgasms are not physical in the sense that they do not involve body parts; however, they are just as real as any gendered member of The Race. The brain stimulation is helpful to the AI because it allows the AI to be invasive in the runner's brain while the runner is otherwise occupied. I would not consciously allow my ship inside my head as deep as it goes if I was not focused elsewhere. The advantage of having the AI go in so deeply is to let it defragmenter my brain and reorganize information to be more readily accessible, to put less needed information in less accessible places and to evaluate my general mental and emotional health. Essentially, after a fantasy, I may have seemed to have forgotten old or unnecessary ideas and I am more focused on my current task. My memory is not purged. Sometimes information is deleted but a backup exists in Ship's memory. I must review Ship's actions on a frequent basis and okay Ship's archiving algorithm. I have never found it to be problematic. I have asked for pointers to be kept so I can query Ship for particular memories if I want to experience them again. I have put my time with Colonel Philip Drucker in this category. Ordinarily, Ship would have deleted them and placed them in long-term storage. Our personal relationship ended with Colonel Philip Drucker's death. I, on the other hand, like to remember Philip, how he smelled, the gifts he gave me, the intimacy we shared.

My current fantasy was quite different from any I had encountered thus far. Ship had taken a human video feed and adapted it for my use. I was a human male observing an undressed human female. The male's interest was focused on the female's breasts.

I had, of course, noted that human females have especially large and peculiarly placed mammary glands. They seem far larger than is necessary for nursing young and there are only two of them. Given their size, I suppose more would be difficult to carry. The male, me, was aroused by them. Odd one part of my brain thought, but the affect on my state of sexual excitement was quite pleasing. To my surprise, the male began touching the female's breasts. It was pleasant. The female seemed to find it pleasing, too. I wondered how the mating itself would be accomplished and began wanting to do it. A detached part of my mind realized this was part of the fantasy, giving me pleasure and arousal contemplating the act. The male, I, began sucking and licking the female's breast. She moaned and squirmed. Then she did a surprising thing. She touched my erection. I began to thrust in her hands. She shifted position under me. I stopped stimulating her breasts. She put my penis in her moth. Ah! I began to lick her clitoris. This was good. I had done this in fantasies with a female member of The Race. I relaxed. I knew how to do this and I knew I would be satisfied by my orgasm. Intercourse would wait for another fantasy. This one was just fine.

"Are you all right?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked with concern in her voice as I regained awareness of the ship around me.

"Yes, of course," I said. 

"You were thrashing about and not responding. I tried to talk to your ship but there was no response."

"No need for concern," I said, wondering if I could ever explain this to her. Tamara also had been alarmed and then horrified. She hadn't liked being in close proximity to me when I was in this state until Ship devised something for her. Tamara never said what it was. I could have interrogated Ship, but I decided my fantasies were my affair and Tamara could have the same privacy I did. "It is just part of being a runner and being prepared for the flight."

Chemicals coursed through my body. The euphoria of orgasm remained. I was ready to go.

We cleared Grand Central Station and began our burn to jump point. All of Ship's systems were go. Gravity increased. I grew heavy, held in place by my acceleration web, Ship monitoring all my vital signs and neural activity. The launch was textbook perfect. Out of the corner of my eye were Ship's readings on Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. Less exact than my bio signs, Ship could still monitor heart rate, respiration and general well-being. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was holding up well, much better than Tamara would have, but still, our acceleration would tax her system to the max. I could handle 6Gs for a time. A human could not. We stopped increasing gravity at the upward human tolerance and held there as long as Ship deemed it safe. Then the gravity began to lessen until we were nearly weightless, just enough gravity to move about the Northern Star comfortably. The locks on our straps opened. My acceleration web released me and I began to float. I stretched. 

"Good run," I said. "We are on schedule for jump point.

I looked over at Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. She was free of her restraints but she had not gotten up.

"Do you a ways haul ass like this?" she asked.

"This," I said, "was gentle for your sake."

"Gentle! I hate to see what you mean by at the limit."

"6.23Gs," I said. "I Black out at that point."

"No wonder you get where you're going so damn fast," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You just flatten us."

"Something like that," I said. "I have a schedule to keep. My Republic of Space client is quite particular."

"And who is this client of yours and what does he want?"

"Lt's just say he's pleased I am available again," I said. "It is not advisable for his merchandise to be outside the Republic of Space very long."

"So in some way it is hot," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo concluded.

"IO do not know," I said. "I did not ask where it came from. I am just responsible to get it to where it is going."

"How long to jump point?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked.

"Three days and some hours," I said. "Launch always makes me hungry."

"Me, too," she said. "What do you have in that galley of yours?"

"I have no idea," I said. "Cooking is what you do."

"Me?"

"You have to pay your way somehow," I said. "Chief cook and bottle washer sounds right to me."

"Where did you get that phrase, Captain Star Runner?"

"From a friend of mine," I said carelessly. Tamara has always chided me on my cliché-ridden, colloquial Eng-speak, but I find humans understand me quite well when I use it. They do not understand Pantheran at all nor can they hope to speak it.

I leaped up to the nearest climbing bar and began my after launch exercises, working my way toward the saloon. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo got to her feet shakily and watched me jump, twist, hang and stretch. I ended with a dramatic summersault onto the saloon deck.

"Bravo." Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo applauded. "You are incredibly graceful for such a large animal."

I could have chided her about the animal designation. She may not have liked it if I called her an animal, but I had learned from Tamara that such statements were not intended to be derogatory or demeaning. Instead, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was impressed and even, I thought, delighted by my demonstration.

Making use of the handholds, she moved toward me and the galley.

"This, too, is impressive," she said, inventorying the equipment. 

"Thank you," I said. "My previous shipmate was an excellent cook though she would have hurried to tell you she was only a hash slinger."

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo began to laugh. Captain Star Runner, you are a revelation a minute. I haven't heard hash slinger used in a long time."

"Tamara worked in a spacer's cafe," I said.

"That would explain many things," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said but did not explain her meaning. Instead, she opened lockers and pulled cans out.

"Hash acceptable?"

"Definitely," I said. "There are onions in the bin, too."

"So there are," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said and she took two of them out and began chopping. 

My nose tickled. I liked the sensation. Something good to eat was coming my way. I liked good food after a good launch and a good fantasy. Maybe this voyage would be okay.

Chapter Four

"Now your cargo is bound for Harmony, isn't that right?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked from the sink after we had eaten.

I sat on the saloon floor, thoroughly grooming myself. I had washed my face already. Now I used my hind feet to rake through the fur on my flanks, shoulders and back.

"No, Concordia," I said. "We'll be met at the border to Republic of Space space. After confirming our need to be there, the Northern Star will be given permission to enter. A tracking sensor will be applied to the ship's hull that keeps track of our course and speed.

"Do not pass go. Do not collect two hundred credits," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"What?"

"An old Earth expression from a game called Monopoly. Under certain conditions, you are prevented from moving your avatar to a square called Go and receiving a prize of two hundred credits for completing one revolution of the playing space. The money allows you to buy property and build houses and hotels and charge large rents."

"What is the purpose of this game?" I asked.

"To have fun," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "What is the purpose of any game?"

"To teach a necessary skill to the young," I said.

"Monopoly can do that, I suppose," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, placing a plate in the recycler. "But mostly humans play games for entertainment."

"Humans need a great deal of entertainment," I said.

"Yes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo agreed, "we have complex brains that need relaxation and games do that for us."

I considered this. I wanted to say that members of The Race had complex brains, too. My genetic structure was very complicated, more complicated than a gendered member of The Race conceived by the randomness of natural fertilization. However, I knew the human tendency to consider themselves superior all the while complaining those members of The Race were arrogant in their own estimation of their superiority. Of course, we were superior, but that did not hold much water with the humans. Games for entertainment, indeed!

"So are you saying that you will only be permitted to go to harmony, drop off your cargo and then retrace your route to leave?"

"Not necessarily," I said. "I am entitled to pick up a return cargo. My contracts always stipulate that. This contract is no different."

"So if your cargo is on a different planet, you can get permission to go there."

"Yes, I can, and I have done this previously. The tracking sensor is sent new commands and reprogrammed to accept a new destination."

"So you need to find a return cargo on Unity," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"You need to go to Unity?" I asked.

"Yes, I think so."

"Why not take transportation there while the Northern Star is docked at Harmony?"

"Because I do not have the proper documents," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, setting the recycler to process our dishes, utensils and cooking containers. "I did not have a good excuse to get a visa.  They are hard to come by. Being a member of your crew, as you said, chief cook and bottle washer, I can have a reason for being on this voyage. You like human food. I can prepare it for you. I must go where your ship goes."

"How will you make contact? I asked. "One's movements aboard even the space station is limited."

"I'll let my contact worry about that."

"And how will your contact know you are present?" I began work on my spine at the base of my tail.

"How in the world can you twist into that position?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked. "Do you know how silly you look?"

"I think," I said, beginning to groom my tail, "there is nothing more silly than an unclothed human in a shower."

"You seem quite definite on the matter. Do you have personal experience with such matters?"

"Yes."

"Well, do not try voyeurism with me." Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo pointed her finger at me. "I will throw water in your face."

I screwed up my face in mock horror. "That would be terrible," I said, "getting wet."

"You do not like getting wet, do you?"

"No," I said, "it is quite unnatural."

"You really are a cat, aren't you?"

"There are certain parallels between members of The Race and felines on Earth, I said, "however, we are far more advanced that any Earth creature."

"Including humans?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo kept her tone light.

"Especially humans," I said firmly.

"Even you?"

"Especially me," I said.

After all, I am a fuchsia-colored Pantheran. I had a destiny though what that might be had never been clear to me. I once asked the Archivist about it. It had simply said that the Mother of Us All would guide me on my path. I accepted this without question, leaving the timing of my great act or acts to the Mother's wisdom. 

For the moment, I licked between the toes of my right hind foot vigorously to avoid further conversation on the subject. Members of The Race did not share too much with humans. Even though The Race was not well disposed toward me at the present time, I continued to believe I had a role to play in our history.

"Do you have a return cargo?" 

"Not yet," I said. "When we get into the Republic of Space, I will ascertain from my contact the available cargos. Perhaps your contact will make sure there is one from Unity available."

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had a surprised expression on her face.

"I would not have thought of that," she said. "I had simply left it that I would arrive on Unity and that I would meet my associate in the permitted area. The fact that we are an out-of-system craft would alert him or her."

Him or her. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo did not know her contact. She probably did not even know the person's identity. There was a code word, an identifier. I wondered if her contact knew her real name.

"And the purpose of this contact?" I asked. I doubted Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo would tell me. Information came at a price.

"It is only fair to tell you, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. I planned to tell you as part of our negotiations, but our time table was greatly advanced by your securing of a cargo."

I waited; laying stilly did not want her to change her mind.

"The interdiction has been going on for five years. In some ways, you would not know there is an interdiction. We haven't been starved out. Ships slip through the border patrol in both directions regularly. However, there are shortages. Not all necessary goods and information are getting through. All the worlds on the frontier are being squeezed. I've been asked to form an alliance of all the governments on the frontier to open up the border again.

"You will move against the Coalition?" I asked.

"Yes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. "It has to be done."

I swished my tail, thinking. Although The Race had formed the Coalition with the humans and several   other species, it was only a subterfuge. The Race had no intention of surrendering the empire to any other race. I had been indoctrinated with this concept. Now I would be part of a plan to undermine The Race and its hegemony over this part of the galaxy. Only a moment before I had been content to let the Mother of Us All guide my path. Now I wondered if my path would lead me to rebellion against The Race.

Ship invited me to the acceleration web. My thoughts were the Ship's thoughts. FunjiWoman and I had very carefully excised all directives from the military AI I had ceased and incorporated into my own ship's AI that would have countermanded such thoughts. I firmly told Ship no. I did not need to be medicated, calmed down, and purged of troubling emotions and thoughts. Part of my own path had led to me learning about emotions and so-called dangerous thoughts. I did not process them quickly or easily. I did indeed find them troubling, but I had come to understand that part of my path led me to them. Tamara had once called this process growing up, becoming a mature individual. I did not quite understand what she meant. I had passed from my juvenile state a long time ago. Tamara said that we are always growing and learning. I do not think this is especially true of most runners. It is becoming true of me.

"You're very quiet," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo finally said. "Are you thinking of turning us in?"

"Why would I do that? I asked. "You know The Race would put an end to my life if they could."

"That is one of the reasons I wanted you to bring me into the Republic of Space," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I did not think you would have much incentive to notify the Coalition. I didn’t think they would authorize a reprieve or change their mind about you."

"No, they would not," I said. "I am a rogue runner and as such I am a bad example to the rest and so I must be eliminated. But tell me, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, were you expecting me on Grand Central Station?"

"Yes, I was," she said. "When my orders came to go to the Republic of Space, I checked to see if anyone knew where you were. If anyone could get me in, you could. And maybe more importantly, if anyone could get me out again, it would be you. So, you were transporting a cargo to Grand Central Station. I went to the Rock Island Line Cafe and waited. Traffic control had orders not to let you go until I gave them the okay. And, right on schedule, when your ship was unladed, you walked into the Rock Island Line Cafe."

"I am that predictable," I said.

"Yes, especially with macaroni and cheese and chocolate chip cookies on the menu," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"Did you arrange that, too? I asked.

She smiled. "You bet."

Chapter Five
Our progress to the Republic of Space continued without incident. Our daily routine did not hold any surprises. I set the Northern Star's ship time to be consistent with Earth cycle as I had done for Tamara, though our time then had been Pirate's Cove time, a longer day. There was ship day and ship night. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo rose at ship's dawn and went to sleep sixteen hours later. I slept from ship mid-morning to ship afternoon, rising for dinner. I ate. I exercised. I took regular stints in the acceleration web, having my body and mind directly hooked into Northern Star's AI. I reviewed Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's activities when I slept and when I was awake. There was ongoing communications between her and other people across the frontier's communications net. ComNet could conceal the identities of message senders and message receivers. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo only communicated in coded messages and only to veiled identities. Ship's surveillance equipment was among the best money could buy. Ship informed me that the codes were military ones and it would not be advisable to let Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo or her contacts know Ship could break them. Militaries got quite touchy on the subject. Nevertheless, Ship kept copies of all incoming and outgoing messages though Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo took all steps to delete them from the system. Ship had many layers and could hide much information. Ship even used my brain to store information from time to time. I doubted Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo would think to look there for her messages. When the messages were stored in this way, Ship began to work on decoding them. By the time we were at the final jump before the Republic of Space, Ship had decoded them all.

I slid into the acceleration web, eager to know the contents of the communications. Ship and I decided I should be physically plugged in so that the transfer would be quicker and, with physical contact, there would be no signals to pick up by any device.

Ship did not give me all the messages in detail, just a high-level summary:

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo updated someone code-named Rabbit Ears at Government House, the headquarters for all things relating to the Consortium. She gave an assessment of me, that I was well versed in Republic of Space protocols and seemed amenable to the mission.

Rabbit Ears was uneasy about me, where my loyalties lay. A Pantheran was always a Pantheran. Rabbit Ears also pointed out to Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo that the one consistent characteristic I displayed was self-interest. I could not be trusted to carry out the mission goals if they did not benefit me.

There had been much back and forth on this particular point. (I think I should write these messages out but I am not good at this so I will describe and edit them later.)

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo insisted that I found her pleasing and could be lured into playing the part of her protector.

I was glad she was asleep when I process this information. I growled deep in my throat. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was a human that occupied my thoughts but she was not a friend the way Tamara was a friend. I could leave her if my life was in danger without another thought to her welfare. I gave these instructions to Ship to be certain there would be no confusion on this matter.

I set aside Ship processing time, as a non-critical task, to review Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's attitudes towards me. I wished I could probe her mind in the same way I was reading her communiqués.

Ship reminded me we had tapped into her personal logs before.

I gave Ship another non-critical-task directive to hack into these logs. I needed to be prepared. I had described the Republic of Space's protocols as straight forward and above board. However, there were some ambiguous areas. If the Republic of Space officials or the harbormaster became uneasy, they could take action against you promptly--no trial, no discussion. Your cargo could be confiscated or even your ship. You could be imprisoned indefinitely. Without a ship, you could not leave. You would spend the rest of your life as a farm laborer, the emphasis being on labor. You moved from agricultural area to agricultural area. Apparently, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was unaware of this fact. She thought she would be able to use her position in the Consortium should any problems arise. This was foolhardy. There was no intercourse between the Republic of Space and the outside world. My incursions into their territory was to deliver very specific items they could not obtain in any of their systems. These incursions were rare and tightly monitored. Ship had picked up myriad surveillance monitoring devices at the docks. I wondered as I read how such a sophisticated organization at the Consortium had planned such a naive undertaking.

"I reiterate," Rabbit Ears' last transmission read, "We are sending you in this way because all other efforts to contact the Republic have failed. You are our last hope of enlisting ROS in our planning. Good luck."

Chapter Six

We achieved jump point. When we emerged, we would be on the periphery of the Republic of Space. As had been true on my previous voyages, a beacon at the jump point indicated that only authorized vessels should make the jump. I acknowledged that the Northern Star had received due warning and prepared to jump.

I slid into my pre-jump fantasy with anticipation. I had asked Ship for something that would be warm and familiar but give me physical release that would relax me for the challenging encounter with the patrol ships ahead. 

I was in a forest. I could smell the trees, the many animals that lived there. Birds sang. A spring morning. I padded down the trail, tail erect, sniffing. I knew this fantasy. And knowing it, I picked up the male's scent quite earlier. That had been something that revisiting the fantasy had taught me. I grew excited, knowing he would mate with me. My excitement grew as I moved forward. Then, I saw him, a golden male with a long mane, and his crown of lighter fur framing his face. We touched noses. Then I turned around, showing him my tail and my vaginal opening. I spread wide for his entry. I felt him mount me, dig his barbs into me. I squealed with both pleasure and pain. The mating was measured, bringing me to orgasm in a predictable way, yet it was fully realized. His semen flooded me, warm and sticky. Then he dismounted. I stood, breathing hard, the sounds of the forest reasserting themselves in my ears. Then the forest faded. I was back in the acceleration web. Ship was cleansing me of hormones and filling my system with post fantasy downers. I sighed contentedly, again satisfied that fantasy sex was good. I never worried about the physical condition of a partner. I could have both male and female sex with both males and females. I was not docked into any one gender or any one gender of partner. My sex could be a straight forward mating as in this past fantasy or as kinky as I desired. The rest of the time, I did not have to think about sex if I did not want to. I had no urge to mate. I did not go into heat.

"Are you ready?" I asked Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo.

"As ready as I'll ever be."

We jumped. The jump point lasted several minutes. The in-between is always unsettling. Being a longer jump, there is more sense of not here and not there. As a runner, I am both sensitive to its character and equipped to be calm during it. Its the sound of it, the smell of it, that usually unnerves non-enhanced Pantherans. Humans become disoriented and must rely on their spacecraft to make all necessary adjustments to come out on the other side safely. I can monitor our readings, make adjustments if necessary while enjoying the streams of color that pass by in my peripheral vision. Ship keeps the digital display scrolling in front of me. I could block the streamers out if they distracted me, but I enjoyed them and did not find them unsettling nor did they upset my stomach. 

I heard Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo moaning. She was having difficulty with her equilibrium in the In-between. I suspected she was spinning, ever faster, the colors swirling, vertigo overcoming her. 

Then we were through.

Then a loud klaxon began to sound. It was coming through our communications system.

"What's wrong," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo called weakly.

"Nothing," I said. "The Republic of Space wants our attention. The announcement will come shortly."

It did. 

You are in the Republic of Space. Unless you have a clear reason for being here, leave immediately. Reverse course and leave. You are not wanted here. This is private space. Repeat. ... And the message repeated five more times.

I transmitted the pass codes I had been given when the message concluded. They were picked up by the beacon at this jump point and transmitted to the nearest patrol ship. We would be challenged at subsequent checkpoints, but in a few minutes, we were given the go ahead to proceed.

"Does this always s happen?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked.

"Sometimes there is a patrol ship at the jump point," I said. They often fire on you before you can transmit the codes."

"Jolly."

"Maybe we're expected," I said.

"What are you carrying that they would expect you?"

"Something they need that they cannot manufacture," I said.

I did not tell her what the cargo was. I had not told her at Crossroads Station. I knew, of course. It was one data module. I could hold it easily in one paw. It was the plans for her upcoming mission to the Republic of Space and the Consortium's plans regarding the Interdiction. The Republic of Space apparently had well-informed agents planted in the Consortium. I had no doubt I would get the pass codes to get back out of the Republic of Space. I wondered if Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo would be aboard.

Two patrol ships joined us, one to port and ahead of us. The other to starboard and slightly aft. Thus escorted, we made our way past Harmony and onto Concordia.

What is important to remember about the Republic of Space is that it is a benign police state. It is highly regulated. There are labor gangs as I have said, but the citizenry goes about its daily routines freely. You can live out our life in the Republic of Space and never be interrogated, imprisoned or interfered with in any way. The Republic of Space really does not enjoy spying. It just spies to maintain its freedom. This may seem to be a contradiction in terms, but the Republic of Space was set up along libertarian lines. Unfortunately, people tend to either be ruthless capitalists or to keep expanding the role of government. The surveillance on its citizens is to avoid either eventuality. Walk a middle course and you do not get into trouble. Of course, as it has been explained to me, the mere presence of surveillance and military control defeats libertarian principles, but that is how the Republic of Space evolved.

We went through three more checkpoints over the next week and a half. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo checked on our progress and the positions of the other two ships often. I climbed. I ate. I slept. I waited for Ship to hack into Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's personal logs. All was going according to plan. 

The patrol ships, I decided, were unaware of my cargo. They had simply been told to escort me to my destination, to facilitate my passing through the checkpoints and to guard against any unauthorized travel within the Republic of Space. So far, there was nothing to alarm me. Although I was paid more attention than in the past, everything was proceeding within the norms of Republic of Space procedures.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, on the other hand, became more and more anxious with each passing day. She kept asking me if this behavior was normal.

On the tenth day, Ship reported success in opening Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's logs. After she was asleep, fitfully, I settled into my acceleration web to peruse them. I had suggested a sedative, but she wanted, she said, to be alert for any emergency. It would be another forty-eight hours until we reached Concordia. I thought she would be exhausted before we got there. My estimation of her was dropping. I thought she was tougher than this. Clearly, clandestine operations like this one were out of her league. I wondered why she had been sent on this mission. Perhaps her logs would tell me.

Although I dislike it when others look through my files or my things--Tamara and I had had numerous fights about this--I enjoy snooping into other people's files and looking at their things. I do not do it to invade their privacy. I do it to satisfy my curiosity. My curiosity is one of the qualities that the Institute found undesirable about me as a run-of-the-mill runner. I would use my curiosity to hack into all sorts of information on the Net and on the ship. Why this disturbed them, I did not know. They had given me advanced training in this field. Never mind that now. The logs were open. 

Personal Log:

I've moved into the stateroom here aboard the northern Star, Captain Star Runner's ship. I've never been aboard a Pantheran ship before. It does, of course, smell of Pantheran. I looked over the interior of the ship. There are several cargo holds on the engineering deck. On the upper deck, what CSR (Captain Star Runner?) calls my lair, there is my stateroom, a cute galley, a comfortable saloon, a large space which looks something like a jungle gym, a ledge with a basket in which CSR sleeps, some cupboards up there and the Bridge. It is unsettling not to have any ports on the ship. There is a human station on the bridge and CSR's acceleration web.

CSR expects me to cook for it. Normally I would be incensed at such impudence, but CSR enjoys my simple meals.

CSR is a magnificent animal with its brilliant fuchsia fur and erect tail. It is odd watching it groom. There is no self-consciousness in displaying all parts of its body. Of course, there are no sexual organs. I wonder if gendered members of the Race are so AT EASE WITH THEIR PRIVATE PARTS. (They are.)

As for my mission, I am apprehensive. Although I am a top investigator, my under cover experience is nil. I only pulled this mission because of my previous connection to CSR. I was quite taken by surprise when it proposed including me on its delivery run to the Republic of Space. I thought I was going to have to talk it into taking me there. They were, after all, just rumors that CSR had penetrated into ROS space. (Sometimes rumors are true.)

I have superior accommodations for jump. The display helmet is state-of-the-art. CSR hasn't skimped on anything to do with it is command center. (That would be foolish.) I do find CSR's pre-jump routine unsettling. It straps into its acceleration web and all sorts of medical apparatus attaches to it. It becomes unconscious, or at least oblivious to anything I say. It then begins to thrash around, make strange noises, which could either be whimpering or Pantheran speech. Its movements could almost be described as simulating sex. It is quite obscene to watch. Fluid passes through the tube. They go into all orifices. Then CSR returns to consciousness and acts as if nothing has happened. It is actually quite chipper. (You would be; too, if you had had just had the kind of sex you wanted.)

It is unnerving that CSR is always plugged into its ship. It can be off t he Bridge and activate controls. I've watched as my monitor changes, speed and course are adjusted, reports scroll. 

As for my mission, I do hope my contact makes him or herself known when we get to Unity. I still can't figure out how to make that move, to get from Concordia to Unity. CSR says we can't just go there because we want to. It has to be approved.

CSR ... I continue to be attracted to it. I can fantasize what it might be like to have it make love to me. But, I can't figure out how to broche the subject, what to do to let it know I am interested. I wonder if it would even find the idea remotely possible. What could I do for it? From what I can see, there are no parts of it to touch.

(Why not ask for what you want? I've run the simulation several times. I think I am getting to understand what parts of a human female to concentrate on and how to excite one. I learned a lot from Colonel Philip Drucker about humans in general and males in particular. You could be my teacher.)

We're in ROS space now. I am very nervous about the patrol ships. CSR says they're escorting our cargo, making sure it gets to where it is going. All this attention means I may not be able to get to Unity. We're being watched so carefully.

(I've already told them we need to pick up some cargo at Unity and to have the necessary pass codes issued. These ships do not know your mission, but Republic of Space Intelligence will have the details shortly. I am expecting a pass to Unity at any time. You'll make your contact. Whet hat will happen after that, I do not know.)

I finished the logs. Competent, forthright, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was out of her depth on this mission and all because she knew me from Dirty World Station. Funny how that sometimes happened. More clearly stated than before, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was attracted to me. I was curious about her. Maybe I needed to initiate something. 

I stretched. I had been plugged into the acceleration web for some time. What time was it? Near to Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's waking time. We had several days run before we got any where near Concordia. Maybe it was time to see about making some of her fantasies a reality.

I went to the galley and made some coffee for her. Carrying the steaming mug carefully, I stepped into her stateroom. Without an external light source, it was dark. This posed no problem for me on two counts: Ship could see the room and therefore I could see the room. I chose to use my eyes, designed through the eons to move stealthily in the dark. I did not make a sound. I set the mug on the table beside her bunk. 

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo shifted in bed. 

"Captain Star Runner?" she asked.

"Coffee," I said.

She stretched, not the luxuriant stretch of any member of The Race, just a little stretch. 

"You can stretch better than that, I chided her gently. 

"Huh?"

"You can stretch in a bigger way. Put your arms out, spread your legs."

"Like you do?"

"Yes."

"On me, that would be obscene."

"I like obscene," I said.

"You're an androgen," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, sitting up and reaching for her coffee. "What would you know about obscene?"

"Many things," I said. "I may not have the physical parts necessary, but my brain can be stimulated in the same way as yours."

"What do you mean, stimulated?"

"You receive stimulation through your body to your brain," I said. "Ship can do the same thing to my brain as your body does to your brain."

"So your AI can make you come?"

"Yes," I said. "It is quite pleasant, do not you think? Do not your computers allow you to do the same thing?"

I knew they did. It required some specialized accessories, but masturbation was big business. I had adapted a number of the programs in my commercial database for human consumption. They were good performers. Seventeen per cent of my subscribers were human. Some of them just got off on watching Pantheran sex and presumably did the masturbating by themselves.

"Are you trying to seduce me or just brag about your virtual sexual prowess?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo set her cup down with still about a half of cup of coffee in it.

"I just was answering your questions," I said. "I thought you might enjoy a cup before you had to get up." 

I turned away. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo caught my tail. Her hand was warm and strong. 

"Where do you think you are going, pussy cat?"

I turned around.

She touched my face. I licked her fingers. She put her arms around me, tugging me to her. I came up on the bed. I used my tongue on her ears, her jaw line. I put my mouth against hers, sticking my tongue inside. We kissed. Her fingers grabbed hold of the fur on my back, pressing herself against me. She was very aroused. I smelled it. I felt her heat, the way her body moved against me, mimicking human intercourse. I pawed her breasts free, letting my tongue explore her erect nipples. I knew I was exciting her. My tongue is rough, larger than a human's, and able to twist and suck. Carefully, I experimented with light nips. Then I licked her from collarbone to the top of her public bone, one long lick after another. Her knees were bent, the lips of her vulva wide. I began licking her clitoris. She began to squeal with delight. 

This was, I knew, simple sex. There was no emotional tie. This wasn't like being with Colonel Philip Drucker at all. The sex had been just as focused on giving him an orgasm, but we had been able to have some sense of sharing in the act. This was me servicing her. She liked it. She liked it a lot. My fantasies indicated I could nip her very gently to bring her to orgasm. I did and she came. 

"Now what? She panted. "What happens for you?"

"I will have an orgasm, too," I said. 

"What do I do for you?"

"Rub me in my pelvic area," I said. She put her hand between my legs. 

"Pretend your making me come," I said.

She kneaded me. I liked it a lot. I began to purr.

"Are you purring?"

"Yes, for now," I said. "Soon I'll begin t of thrust and push just like you did."

Ship began to form the pictures in my mind. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's fingers were no longer touching just ungendered flesh, but rubbing my clitoris. The experience was intense. She had strong fingers. I told her how to stroke, how to pretend. She did as I asked. The rhythm had the desired affect. My orgasm was extremely satisfying, especially since I was in her bed and with her scent all around me and not strapped into the acceleration web. 

"What was it like for you?" 

"Very good," I said.

"What was happening in your mind?"

"You were rubbing my clitoris," I said.

"You're female in your mind?"

I had forgotten sexual orientation is so important to humans.

"Oh, no," I said. "I am totally androgen. In androgen fantasies, the gender switches since it is all in the brain. I just happened to be female. Does that bother you?"

"A little."

"Well, then, I'll be male in future," I said. "You just have to remember that in real time, I am androgen. I will not         act like a male even if we pretend I am."

"You do this often?"

"Have sexual fantasies?"

"No, have oral sex with someone?"

"No," I said. "I thought you might enjoy it so I offered. You did enjoy it, did not you?"

"Yes, I did," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, said. "Now that I know how it is done, II might like to do it again, but in a different way."

"I am available," I said.

"Have you had other relationships with humans?"

"One," I said. "That was several years ago. I do not want to talk about it."

"No, I would not ask you to," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I do not want to talk about my past either."

It was only then that I thought to ask myself what her past might have been. Clearly, she was no stranger to sexual behavior. She had not demurred at all, but had wanted the sexual experience without any explanations or what Colonel Philip Drucker called foreplay. I wondered if we would have foreplay.

"You know," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, said later, "your timing could not have been more perfect. Knowing those Republic of Space ships are out there has been making me crazy. I am feeling calmer now."

I did not know what to say. Since I always had an orgasm before going on a mission, I had never had to do without one.

I remember the first time, when I was initiated into the process. I was just coming of age. Juvenility was behind me. I wasn't quite an adult. Our tablets were updated with new software. We explored the update, using our minds instead of our paws. We thought we were the cat's meow, being able to think all our commands, letting the training AI bring answers and problems in our brains. 

We were invited to take a walk, a walk very similar to the forest path I had explored when I left Grand Central Station. Only on this walk, we went into a meadow with wonderful sunshine. We stretched out on the grass, luxuriating. Another Pantheran came to us. This did not surprise us. We had often had other playmates like this that showed us something, taught us something. It was a game and we all enjoyed the change from the routine of classes. We began to wrestle with our new playmate. Then we were all shocked to have the new playmate put his penis into our vaginas. We were experiencing mating. I did not like the violation. His barbs hurt. I struggled. He held me down. I scratched. I bit. I dislodged him. 

When we shared our experiences of the new program in class, I discovered most of my classmates had accepted the violation as part of their training. They had experienced orgasm. I had not although I had hacked into my tablet earlier to discover a program to give me the satisfaction without any fantasy. I had made it a nightly ritual. 

After my report, I was told to rewrite my fantasy routine to my liking, run it, and review it with my teacher.

My former experience was with gender non-specific sex. It was just the physical stimulation without form. I did not know how to change any of the physical parameters. I simply inserted code to allow the male to ask to penetrate me and I struggled to find ways of making the experience pleasant for myself. My teacher showed me how to do that, how to position the male's body and my own to make the coupling enjoyable. After that, I was on the lookout for more programs. I took them apart, learned what the snippets of code did to create body position and movement. I found different routines fitted different moods. 

Now Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was asking me to teach her how to make this fun for each of us and I was using sex to relax her for her mission. It was a service I was not being paid for, but it did mean I could learn about human females. I liked my tongue on her. I wondered if I would be allowed to touch other parts of her. And knowing how her body responded, could I use this information to my benefit. 

Chapter Seven

We reached the outskirts of Concordia System.

I strapped into my acceleration web. "I'll be on tie_-own for the duration," I said. "No jump points, just a very busy traffic pattern to get to our dock assignment. My experience has been that although Ship can handle the maneuvering, our response time will be better if I am thoroughly tied in. Every ship is brought into the station by tug, even the small fry. You can stay lose if you like, though you may find the sights interesting. Concordia is the industrial processing site for the Republic of Space. The asteroids and gas giants provide most of the raw materials for all five systems. That is why there's so much in and out."

It was close quarters and careful steering all the way. We passed mining operations where ore and gemstones were reclaimed. Heavy-laden freighters lumbered passed us. Passenger ships brought workers to and from their assignments. More freighters brought supplies and took off finished products, outbound for other systems or inbound to the one planet that could support human life. There were many small ships, bringing specialists and overseers here and there.

While I was aware of all the information Ship was gathering--the Republic of Space did not disable the Northern Star's sensors in any way--I concentrated on navigation, making the subtle adjustments necessary to conserve energy give us more speed and eliminate any close calls with nearby vessels. A skitter craft, so named because it moved so fast pilots were always going too fast to come to a safe stop, more than once cut us off. Despite its circuits, a runner had, as they said at the Institute, a nose for knowing which ships to watch and which situations to be on guard for. I was reducing speed sharply before the skitter craft cut across the Northern Star's bow. Ship gave me a squirt of physical pleasure to congratulate me on my successful avoidance of possible damage to the Northern Star. I laughed aloud. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo did not hear me. She was asleep in her bunk. Ship's behavior was reminiscent of what we received as trainees at the Institute. We called it a feel. Your AI got to know which kind of feels you liked best and you eagerly sought to excel to get them.

When the tug finally took helm control, I had been piloting the Northern Star for seventy-nine hours. I was shaky with fatigue. I had instructed Ship to go easy on the nutrients and drugs. Stimulants can only carry me so far and then begin to have a deleterious affect on my body chemistry. I would rather be hungry and exhausted after such a voyage than to be high. Coming down was never easy or painless. Ship did give me a chemical boost to get out of the acceleration web. I felt so grungy, having not groomed for those seventy-nine hours.

"So we're here?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked.

"Not quite," I said, stretching each leg in turn. "It is another hour or so before we're docked. That will give me time to get cleaned up. Is there any food?"

There was and I ate it greedily, hardly bothering to taste it. The advantage, I had learned, of eating the human foods that agreed with me, was that they my digestive system work well. I had a great capacity for human food. Some members of The Race could not tolerate it well. Once litter panned, I began to groom furiously. My instructions were to deliver my cargo in person as soon as I docked.

When I received the all clear to disembark, I went to the cargo hold, retrieved the package and opened the main hatch. 

I stepped outside.

"The Concordia docks were exceedingly cold, even by human standards. I suspect this is because they seem cavernous and it would take a great deal of energy to fully heat them. I shivered and made my way quickly to the nearest lift. I drew a lot of stares. Offworlders, as outsiders are called, were rare, the Republic of Space being a closed system rather than an open one. Although citizens moved between the five solar systems, outside contact beyond the Five Suns   was rare.

I instructed the lift to bring me to level C6. From there I found a door labeled 672. I knocked.

A woman in pink let me into the outer office. In the small room, our colors clashed horribly.

"Your name?" she inquired.

I thought this was strange. How many fuchsia-colored Pantherans came into their office?

"I am known as Captain Star Runner," I said, knowing that my identification number would only confuse the situation.

"Very well," she said. "You are expected. Please go in."

I entered the inner office. It was empty. The woman in pink came in behind me and shut the door. She also turned on some equipment. I assumed this meant she was creating a surveillance free environment.

"The Republic of Space is a nifty place," the woman said.

"The Republic of Space is a shifty place," I responded.

"The Republic of Space is a larky space," the woman continued.

"The Republic of Space is a starky place," I resounded.

"Good," she said. "I do not know where the Agency gets these passwords. They've been quite ludicrous lately."

I said nothing. I knew nothing of her agency, its passwords, except the ones I had been given, or even what they did.

"You have the package?"

"Here," I said.

I went to hand it to her but she waved it away.

"Take it to Unity," the woman said. "That is where they can use it."

She transmitted the necessary forms and instructions. I went to see if the Northern Star had received them, but my link to Ship had been broken because of the surveillance equipment. I felt immediately frightened and alone. My Ship! Where was my Ship?

The woman turned off the equipment.

Apparently, I had been sending this message over and over again because once off, Ship was quick to reassure me of its presence. It felt good to have all the normal ship chatter in the back of my mind.

I carried the package out of the office, back onto the lift, across the docks and re-entered through the hatch. I had been gone forty-two minutes.

When I returned, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was not on board the ship. She had gone and Ship advised me that she had left almost as soon as I had. I cursed myself for not having instructed Ship to keep her on board or at the very least to alert me immediately of her departure. I did not have time to look for her. I did not have time to summon her or for her to even get back to the Northern Star even if I did know where she was. I had to leave Concordia in five minutes. The harbormaster would brook no change in my logged departure information. I sighed. I had done my part. I had brought Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo to the Republic of Space. I had even arranged to deliver her to Unity to where she could rendezvous with her contact. If she had stayed aboard-- Well, she hadn't and she was on her own.

I went back to my acceleration web. It would be another three and a half days before I was out of it.

Chapter Eight

The voyage to Unity was uneventful. Although the course out of Concordia was just as nerve-racking as the passage in, once we were in open space headed for Unity, I could leave the acceleration web for eight days while we made our way to the next star system. Again, two patrol ships flanked the Northern Star. I have no idea is they were the same two ships or not. We maintained course and speed but did not communicate. That was not the Republic of Space's way.

I rummaged in the galley for food. I am no cook. My paws are not well suited for human controls and tools. Tamara had, in a stroke of genius, I thought, selected a number of items that I could prepare for myself. I could have eaten crunchies, but as time passed, they lost any appeal they might have had. With Ship's vast medical knowledge and resources, it could supply anything I needed that the human food lacked or remove anything harmful from my system. The crunchies were, after all, a concession to the desire to chew and to eat solid food. A runner's body was designed to be sustained through its AI and the acceleration web.

Despite the short time I had been aboard the Concordia Station, I had picked up some sort of virus. Ship identified it and began to medicate me for it. Not feeling one hundred percent, I strapped into the acceleration web and let Ship take over my complete care. I received an inordinate amount of fluids. I urinated almost continuously for ten hours. The catheter began to become noticeable. Not that it is every unnoticeable. Having a tube in my anus and my urethra is something that cannot go undetected. Finally, however, I felt more myself and had time to get out of the acceleration web and exercise.

I still could not understand why Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had left the Northern Star. I no longer had her personal data pad to hack into, but nothing I had learned previously indicated she was planning to go ashore at Concordia. Was she just stretching her legs? Getting a look around a place, she had never been before. Hoping to pick up some fresh vegetables as the chandlery? It did not make any sense to me.

I wondered what had happened to her. I wondered if it would have any repercussions for me. After all, I was the one who had brought her into the Republic of Space. 

As I went down this train of thought, Ship pointed out that no one had asked me how many were on board when I came into the Republic of Space's territory. I considered this. Ship had confirmed that, previously, I had always been asked. So, perhaps, the Republic of Space knew something. After all, the data I secured in my cargo hold indicated that Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was coming to meet someone on Unity. I had been given clearance to go to Unity. Surely, my initial directions to go to Concordia were not a mistake.

I sighed. This sounded like the workings of intelligence agencies. I knew little about espionage and conspiracy theories. I was at the top of my genetically engineered capacity just to do the surveillance I currently did with state-of-the-art software for my business dealings. I was out of my league when it came to governments.

We finally reached the Unity System.


Chapter Nine

Traversing the Unity System was very different from the crowded shipping lanes of Concordia System. Unity was a cold, barren planet with few natural resources. The rest of the system was similarly bereft of anything to mine, process or harvest. Most of the residents and business of Unity took place underground, making use of geothermal activity to heat and give light to the offices, living quarters and agricultural areas. Under artificial lighting and a system of hydroponics gardens, the planet grew all its food. Large animal products were shipped in. The smaller animals, which could be kept in cages, provided most of the meat for the population.

Because of its dearth of resources, Unity had been chosen to host the government of the Republic of Space. No one would want the planet for any other use.

There were a few skitter craft to dodge, but the regulated shipping lanes made it possible to navigate smoothly. Under tow, I came into the Union Station and docked. As before, I took the data package from the cargo hold safe and carried it to a designated office. This time the official was a man in Chartreuse--all Chartreuse. We gave the passwords. He took the package from me.

"Thank you, Captain Star Runner, Sergeant Chartreuse said.” That is what you are called, isn't it."

I shrugged. "It works for humans," I said.

"Very well." Sergeant Chartreuse looked around the small office doubtfully. "I do not think I can offer you a seat. There is something we need to discuss." I sat down on the floor. "Very well," Sergeant Chartreuse said.

Another door I hadn't noticed opened and two more people entered a man and a woman. The woman was in bright orange, the man in purple. Even my color sensibilities were offended.

"There is the matter of your return cargo and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo," Purple said.

"We cannot offer you a cargo until Romeres Lujo is returned to your ship," Orange said.

"When will that be? I asked.

"Since we do not know where she is, we cannot say," Sergeant Chartreuse informed me.

"I can't stay here," I said.

"Nor can you leave until we let you go," Orange said.

I groaned inwardly. This was an intolerable state of affairs and on Unity to boot.

"I am sorry," Purple said, taking something out of his pocket. "This is necessary because you are on a governmental space station."

He snapped a metal collar around my neck. I was outraged. How dare him.

"You will stay on the docking level," Orange said. "If you attempt to go anywhere else on the station, you will receive a shock and we will be notified."

"We do not take kindly to violation of your residency status," Sergeant Chartreuse said.

I thought about growling, fluffing up, unsheathing my claws, baring my teeth, lashing my tail. I was still stunned by this turn of events. I realized no protestations would help. I was powerless. There was no one to appeal to. I could not leave. The Northern Star was quite literally stuck fast to Union Station. My ship would have to be released and guided away from the station.

"How long?" I repeated.

"We will reevaluate in two weeks," Sergeant Chartreuse said.

"Two weeks!"

"After two weeks you can contact the harbor master for reevaluation," Orange said.

"Thank you for your cooperation," Purple said.

Purple and Orange left by way of the door from which they had entered.

"Do you have any idea what Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo’s plans were on Concordia?"

"No," I said. "I was very surprised by her disappearance. Could foul play be a factor?"

"No body has been discovered," Sergeant Chartreuse said. "No one fitting her description has been seen on the station or the planet. We'll keep looking. Good day, Captain Star Runner."

The interview was over. I returned to the Northern Star. 

The collar irritated me. I could not scratch underneath it. I could not bend my neck comfortably when I groomed. I felt liked a marked being when I left the Northern Star to familiarize myself with the docks.

Like Concordia, the docs on Union Station were cavernous. Large machines moved about the interior, transporting cargo to and from ships. I always thought this was done outside the station--at least that is how it is done elsewhere, but here, the interior space was used. As a result, the docks were noisy and one did have to move carefully to avoid being injured.

The chandlery had food stores. I decided to cook my meals. I wasn't very good at it. I burned myself several times. The food was not always to my liking, but not knowing how long I would be here, I decided against dipping into my crunchy supply. I had to have the food specially made since members of The Race did not frequent the northern frontier. I doubted I would be able to get any more in the Republic of Space once I had exhausted my supply. I also wondered what my docking fees would be. I did not think I could dock free. Analyzing my contract, it could be interpreted that the buyer of services was responsible for the all costs and delays or, on the other hand, it could be a cost associated with doing business with the Republic of Space in which case I would be responsible for all charges.

There were no cafes at the docks, only bars. One did serve some food. I went there every evening to eat.

One night I found myself staying to watch what passed for entertainment. I had my back to the wall, watching a woman cavort about the tiny stage. I supposed the sounds coming out of her mouth was singing but I could not be sure. It might have been a mating call though I did not think humans had them.

"Too bad about your collar," a man said. "They give a nasty shock."

"Oh," I said. "I did not know I could receive a shock from it. I hadn't so far.

"Yeah," he continued, drinking from his glass, "you go somewhere they do not want you to go and they shock you."

"Yeah," a woman a little farther away said, turning toward me. "They call it the electric fence. You feel nothing so far as you are inside it, but if you leave the yard, you get zapped."

"Zapped?" I said.

"Oh, not fatally," the man said. "It just hurts like hell."

I decided the next morning to see how this electric fence worked. It might mean getting a nasty shock, but I was just too restless to stay aboard the Northern Star or hang around the docks anymore. 

I got onto alone of the lifts. I traveled upward to the second floor, the third and the fourth. Nothing happened. I observed that the sixth floor had restaurants. I stayed on the lift until the doors opened at the sixth floor. I moved forward and began to exit when I felt the shock. My neck thrummed. Instead of retreating, I pushed forward. The buzzing and pain in my neck ceased. I was on the sixth level and the shock had stopped.

I thought about the word fence again. Fence meant barrier, but a finite barrier. I had withstood the pain of the shock and passed through the fence. I wondered if I would receive a shock when I got back on the lift. Meanwhile, I headed for the first restaurant I saw.

The food was ordinary, but at least I hadn't had to cook it. It was hot and a breakfast meal, a change from the food served at the bar. 

I returned to the lift, boarded with no shock, and returned to the Northern Star, pleased with myself.

"Two men in black and gold were standing at the hatch of the Northern Star.

"Captain Star Runner," one said. "Come with us." 

They had weapons. I suspected they would use them if I objected so I went with them. When we exited the lift on the fourth floor, the other man held a device. My collar did not shock me.

We entered Sergeant Chartreuse’s office. Purple and Orange were there, too. The guards left.

"I thought we told you to stay on the docks," Sergeant Chartreuse said.

This was ridiculous. I was about to protest when an idea came to me. I do not know where it came from. I wasn't connected to Ship. As on Concordia, this room blocked the link. I was all alone, yet I had an idea. 

Protests and posturing did not work in the Republic of space. But maybe I could act like one of the characters on those laundry plays Tamara sometimes watched. The Pantherans of those entertainments were always so dramatic, throwing themselves about and gesticulating with very screechy voices. Tamara had asked me if that is how gendered members of the Race really are. I had told her of course not. I had asked why anyone would portray someone in that half-hysterical manner. Tamara had said it was part of the genre of laundry plays.

Laundry play? Was that the right expression? It did not sound quite right but I could not ask Ship. I would have to go this alone and see what happened.

"I know," I said, trying to look very sad and forlorn. I let my ears and tail drop and scrunched my shoulders. "It is so lonely down there on the docks. Everyone is so rough and there's only those bars with those loud and scary people." I hoped I was not overdoing it or offending any of them. "I just wanted to get some decent food. You see, I can't cook very well." I tried ringing my paws. Hand gestures are so difficult.

Sergeant Chartreuse, Purple and Orange stared at me. My performance was not what they had expected. I suspect they had expected me to hiss and spit at them.

"Perhaps we can make some adjustments," Sergeant Chartreuse said. "We do not want to punish you for Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's disappearance. You have served us well in the past and we hope we can continue to do business with you in the future as the need arises."

"The collar must stay on," Orange said.

"But adjustments can be made," Purple said. 

"You can't leave the Union Station," Orange said.

"But you can go to any public sector," Purple said.

"Thank you so much," I said, trying to think how to be a little weepy. "It is been so trying."

"We understand," Sergeant Chartreuse said. "But you must respect our limits."

And that was all. I returned to the Northern Star otherwise uninjured. The collar still exasperate me.  But there were some pretty respectable places to eat aboard Union Station. I contented myself with that for the next couple of days.

Chapter 10

On the ninth morning of what I was coming to think of as my captivity, I entered a small eating establishment on the seventh level. I had not been there before but I had seen the advertisement for it on Union Station's video cast. They promised large portions for breakfast.

"Hello there," a server in a red shirt said. "How are you today?"

"I am fine," I said. Tamara had taught me this was the accepted response to such an inquiry. The server was not concerned with the state of my physical, emotional or metaphysical being. It was just a standard greeting which, out of politeness, I should answer with the standard reply.

"I think the table right there is just for you," the server continued.

I looked. Wonder of wonders. It had a chair and my tail could fit through an opening in the back.

I sat down. I scrolled through the menu attached to the table, an odd cube affair. There were several egg choices, pancakes, waffles, French toast, muffins, bagels, cereals, hot and cold, fruit, yogurt, hash browns or fried potatoes, bacon, sausage, link or patties, ham, coffee, decaf or regular, assorted teas, and hot chocolate with or without whipped cream. A button on the top of the cube was marked with the word Specials. I pressed it. Today's special was an omelet filled with lemon cheese, broccoli, onions, peppers and bacon.

"Coffee?" the cheery server asked, holding a pot in her hand.

"I would prefer milk," I said.

"Of course you would," the server enthused.

She returned with a saucer filled with milk. 

"Here you go. Would you like anything else?"

"I would like the special," I said.

"Hash browns or fried potatoes?"

"Fried potatoes," I said.

"What kind of toast?"

I thought for a minute.

"Cinnamon raisin," I said.

"Good choice," my happy server said. "Coming right up."

And it did.

As I ate, I noticed the other people who worked in the restaurant also had on red shirts. There were decorations in the restaurant, which also were red while others were green. There were wreaths that looked like they had been made from trees though my nose told me they were made from industrial parts, not organic in composition. Something about this was all familiar but I could not place it immediately.

"Ship?"

The Northern Star was at some distance and although my link was still functional, there was a marked delay. When I was at this range, Ship waited for me to query before transmitting data. It put less of a strain on the Northern Star's resources.

"Christmas decorations," Ship explained.

Ah, yes, Christmas. Tamara had been quite insistent about celebrating Christmas. She had explained it in great detail and much energy, hers, mine and the Northern Star's, had gone into decorating, cooking and finding suitable gifts. Tamara had made me a new scarf. I had located a video play she had half-remembered from childhood called A Christmas Story. It did not make a whole lot of sense to me when I viewed it with Tamara squealing with laughter, but her pleasure pleased me. I wore the scarf during Christmas dinner, which pleased her though it was very warm. Tamara explained it was really meant for the out-of-doors. Why Tamara had knitted me a scarf for the out-of-doors when I have never been out-of-doors puzzles me even today but Tamara said it was traditional to knit people scarves for Christmas and she had wanted to be traditional. Traditions were important. 

Sitting in the restaurant, I missed Tamara, missed her enthusiasm, and realized I would miss her craziness around a Christmas celebration. I wondered if I should celebrate without her. I wondered how I could do that. Of course, I had a copy of that video cast in the database. I could run it. I preferred stories I was a part of, but I could pretend it was history. I had had to learn some history at the Institute and had even learned a little more on my own. Knowing history was sometimes important in my business dealings, like understanding how the Republic of Space had come to be.

"Do you want to make a reservation for our Christmas dinner?" the bubbly server asked.

I looked around the small restaurant.

"It will be a buffet," she continued. "All you can eat."

"Sure," I said.

"What's your name?"

"Captain Star Runner," I said.

"Any special dietary needs?" the server asked.

"No," I said. "I like milk."

"Yes," the server said, "I can see that. Well, Captain Star Runner, we look forward to seeing you on the 25th."

That, I knew, would be in two days.

As I made my way back toward the lift, I looked at other shops and restaurants. Some were decorated for Christmas while others were not. Tamara had told me that not every human celebrated Christmas. I guessed that was true here, too.

When I got back to the Northern Star, Ship queried the Union Station database and advised that the celebration of Christmas was restricted to people who called themselves Christians--I knew them from Jacob's ladder Station at the Kingdom of Heaven in the Sacred Way and to those persons who simply enjoyed the holiday. Tamara and I had spent a Christmas at Jacob's ladder. Along with the decorations, there had been special music and special gatherings they called church. Tamara had insisted we attend one of these gatherings the night before our celebration. I had not thought I would like it, but instead they told stories, about the beginning of the world, Earth, about special people and with magical beings that popped out of nowhere. I had learned to read using the display projected in my mind by reading The Race's stories and I had enjoyed them very much. Listening to them by candlelight reminded me of reading stories to the juveniles in the nursery. I could almost remember hearing them as a juvenile when I was in the nursery. They were wonderful stories of the Mother of Us All and her kittens. When we got older, we heard the stories of the great hunts.

Ship also advised me that there would be a gathering where at least one of these great stories would be told, the one with the special singing. I decided to attend. Maybe they would tell the story in the same way or maybe it would be different. Hearing the same story told again by another person was one way to learn more about a story. I had explained this to Tamara but she was adamant that there was only one way to tell this story.

I stopped at a shop that promised special Christmas treats. It was not too late to order some of the special foods Tamara had said were a part of Christmas--special shaped cookies and a bread called stolen (I had asked who had stolen it) that was made in a way to look like someone could not fold properly. My treats would be available tomorrow. I told Ship to schedule them to be eaten on Christmas itself. Tamara would have been pleased about that.

Next day I went to the special gathering place. It was not a place designated only for these gatherings. It was the open area near the passenger transport to the planet. I saw Sergeant Chartreuse, went, and stood next to him.

"I did not know you were a believer," Sergeant Chartreuse said.

"I am not what you call a believer," I said. I had been through all these questions when I was in the Sacred Way. "I come for two reasons: First, I enjoy the story about the special singing and second, my friend Tamara brought me to a gathering like this and she thought it was very important to come. I am remembering her."

"Did she die?" Sergeant Chartreuse asked.

"No," I said. "She is studying at the University on Socrates in the Consortium."

"You do get around," Sergeant Chartreuse said.

"It is my business," I said. "That is why staying here is so difficult. I am a runner and our purpose is to travel from star system to star system."

Sergeant Chartreuse did not answer. Music started. The gathering came to order. The people around me sang. I sing, too, but I cannot sing the way humans do. Tamara told me that my singing sounded like two alley cats having a fight. I kept quiet and listened to all the harmonics. Then someone read the story about the special signing and talked for a while. Then there was more singing and then it was over.

"Merry Christmas, Captain Star Runner," Sergeant Chartreuse said.

"Merry Christmas," I responded.

I went back to the Northern Star. I passed the bar. It was very crowded, very noisy, but I did not go in. It was not a happy place. I would have lost the sense of calm being at the gathering in the passenger departure area.

When I jumped up onto the deck of the lair, I felt its emptiness. I instructed Ship to play the music Tamara had said was right. It helped a little.

I curled up in my basket, still uncomfortable with the metal collar around my neck. I wondered how the Christmas dinner would be in the little restaurant tomorrow. I hoped it would be a happy place and not loud and garish like the bar.

Chapter 11

On Christmas morning, I played the music Tamara had played. I was feeling lonely. I shut off the music. It hadn't helped. I groomed, climbed, tended to ship matters.

Then it was time to go to the Christmas dinner. Union Station seemed less crowded. I asked someone on the lift about this.

"People have already gone to where they want to be," my informant told me. "The rest of us just have the day off and if we can, we go planetside."

I wondered about this. But then, maybe people did not live on space stations the way I lived aboard my ship. Tamara had thought it strange that I had never been planetside. The thought of being outside terrified me.

I went to the restaurant and saw my bubbly server.

"Please sign in," the server said. "We're all wearing our name tags." Hers said "Gay." I thought that was a description of her personality but now realized it was her name.

My nametag said Captain Star Runner. I did not want to put the sticky material on my fur so I put it on the bothersome metal collar.

"Hello, Captain Star Runner," a woman said. Her nametag read The Rev. I did not know what a Rev was but her voice sounded familiar. "Weren't you at the church service yesterday?"

"Yes," I said, remembering that was the name of the gatherings. "You talked after the reading of the story with the special singing."

The woman thought for a moment. "Yes," The Rev said. "I talked about Baby Jesus."

"Oh, yes," I said, "the juvenile."

"But it was the angel choir that caught your attention," The Rev continued.

"That is right," I said.

"Why is that?" The Rev asked.

"I thought it was the most important part," I said.

"And you thought that because," The Rev prompted.

"Because all the rest of the story was ordinary," I said. "The singing was the special part."

"So you evaluate a story by its unique parts," The Rev said.

"Yes, of course," I said. "Ordinary things happen all the time. Extraordinary things only happen occasionally."

"There are many extraordinary things happening in this particular story," The Rev said. "You have only heard part of the story so you cannot tell that the birth of Baby Jesus is very special."

"As special as the singing?" I asked. I was incredulous. "What could be more special than singing?"

"Why is the singing so special?" The Rev asked.

I thought it was obvious, but I decided to humor her. 

"Because the singers are in the sky," I said. "Things that happen in the sky in stories are the most special."

"Because," The Rev prompted me again.

"Because they are nearer to the Mother of Us All than we are," I said. "That is why being a runner is so special. We live out our lives in space, close to the Mother."

"And you are one of these runners?" The Rev asked. "Is that why you are called Star Runner?"

"No, that is what I am," I said. "I do not have a name, just an identification number, but humans prefer names."

"Tell me about the Mother of Us All," The Rev said.

"We can see her from Panthera," I said. "Her constellation is in the sky at night. Of course, the Mother of Us All is not a constellation. We know the constellations are stars that appear in patterns we can invent. The point of saying we can see her constellation is to remind us that the Mother is close to us, protecting us, caring for us."

"And that is your faith?" The Rev asked.

"Faith?" I said, "I do not understand this word which is used so much."

"You believe this although you have never seen the Mother of Us All," The Rev said.

"Yes, of course. Why would not I?"

"Believing something you cannot see and cannot prove is true is called faith," The Rev said. "It is an idea that gives comfort and meaning to your life."

"Yes, of course," I said.

"Then I can understand why you like the special singing," The Rev said. "What if I told you the juvenile once lived in the sky, and then came to Earth, then returned to the sky."

"Came from the Mother? I asked. "That would be special indeed."

"Yes," the Rev said, "we do not say it this way because we are humans, but our idea about it is similar."

"That is remarkable," I said.

"Why do you think so?"

"Because we have many stories about the juveniles that visited Panthera for a while and then returned to the Mother."

"You will have to tell them to me some time," The Rev said.

In the crowded space, she made her way away from me. I moved closer to one of the food stations, but I kept watched her. My height helped with this. The Rev went and talked to a man in Dark Blue. He nodded, looked in my direction and then began working his way from food to station to food station in my direction. I ate some more and watched him.

"Hello, Captain Star Runner," Dark Blue said. I would learn after reading his nametag he went by Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight).

"Hello, Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight)," I said

"I saw you yesterday at the church service next to Sergeant Chartreuse."

"I did not plan to stand near Sergeant Chartreuse," I said. "It just happened."

"No, it did not just happen," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight), said. "Sergeant Chartreuse wanted to point you out to me."

"Why," I asked, licking my fingers.

"Because we need to talk, but not here. Take your time eating. When you're done, go back to your ship. I'll be along. I do not want us to be seen together."

And with that, Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) left me.

The dinner lasted a long time. Gay and Nick, one of the other servers, chatted happily with the paying customers. We ate a great deal. We laughed and some even danced. Finally, it was time to go back to the Northern Star. I was sad. I had enjoyed being among happy people.

The corridors of Union Station were very quiet, almost deserted. I went down in the lift to the docks alone. There weren't even many people at the bar. There was no machinery ferrying cargo. Three more days until I could go to the harbor master. I sighed. I wondered what Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) wanted and why Sergeant Chartreuse had pointed me out. I was, as far as I knew, the only member of The Race aboard Union Station. I was probably the only member of The Race in the Republic of Space. I could be confident I was the only fuchsia-colored Pantheran on the northern frontier, in Coalition space and on the southern frontier. I was the only fuchsia-colored Pantheran now and for perhaps several centuries to come. Why did I need to be pointed out?

There was a tap on the hatch. Ship had told me who was outside. It was Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) and the Rev. Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) had not said The Rev would be coming. I had Ship opened the hatch. I stood on all fours at the top of the ladder, looking down.

"Welcome," I said and closed the hatch behind them silently.

They climbed up, sat and looked around them curiously.

"Are you comfortable here?" The Rev asked.

"I am comfortable," I said, "but this collar is bothersome."

"ET me take it off you," The Rev said. 

"Can you do that? I asked. "What about Sergeant Chartreuse?"

"It is all right," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) assured me.

I went over to The Rev and she removed the metal collar. I rubbed my neck. It felt so good to have it off. I would have done more serious grooming, but I sensed there was more.

"The collar is standard procedure in these cases," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said, "but a situation has arisen and we need your help."

"A situation? I asked.

"Yes," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "We believe we know where Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo is."

"Then you will bring her back so I can leave? I asked.

"No, I am afraid that is not the situation," The Rev said. "Your Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo is a prisoner. We cannot go in to release her without telling her captors we know of her abduction."

I thought about this. What were they saying without telling me? These riddles were very hard on a runner's brain.

"You will have to explain this to me," I said. "I cannot make inferences from your statements. My mind is engineered to work with an artificial intelligence in order to guide a spaceship. I do not understand prisoners and abductors very well."

"We do not know what prompted Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo to leave your ship on Concordia," The Rev said. "We do I know that she is being held by a separatist group on Fraternity. The Separatists want to break away from the Republic of Space and create a society along socialist lines."

"Socialist? I asked.

"The political ramifications are probably not important," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) cut in. "There are religious differences, too, but the point is that they want to separate from the Republic."

"And you do not want this," I said.

"Fraternity is the bread basket of the Republic," The Rev said. "We all would starve." 

"What do you want me to do? I asked.

"Go and get her out," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said.

"Me? Go to an agricultural planet and find her?"

"We know where she is," The Rev said. "I have contacts within the separatists. I received notification that your friend is there and would like to continue her work here."

"Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo is not my friend," I said. "Tamara is my friend."

"I am sorry," The Rev said. "I used the word to mean companion. She came on your ship."

"Yes," I said. 

"So will you do it?" Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) asked.

"I do not know how to do it," I said. "I am a runner. I do not go planetside."

"But you are willing to go to Fraternity?" The Rev asked.

"Yes, of course," I said. "That I know how to do."

"Then I will go with you," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "Maybe we can figure out something on the way."

"I will get the Northern Star ready," I said. "I know how to do that."

"I will arrange credit at the chandlery and for your docking fees to be paid," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "You are doing the Republic of Space a big favor. I am sorry you had to suffer the indignity of the collar. Please accept our apologies for that."

"Apologies," I said, "are a human nicety."

"I will see if there is compensation," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said.

'That would be more to the point," I said. 

I saw them to the hatch. I hoped this planetside business would be forgotten. I could transport Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) to the Fraternity System. That interested me. I had never been there before and I liked going new places.

Chapter Twelve

As it turned out, Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) was true to his word. I restocked the Northern Star and we were underway within twenty-five hours. Fraternity System was the very next star system so our journey would be quick. 

Unlike most planets, Fraternity used one of its two moons as a space station. The moons were Equality and Liberty. Liberty hosted the space station. Equality, I learned, functioned as a warehouse for incoming and outgoing goods.

The traffic moving in and out of the Fraternity System was slow moving. There were no skitter craft. I had to wait my turn and could not make much speed, but we got there all the same. Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) was a taciturn man, volunteering little and asking less. He cooked ordinary meals and did not eat any Vermillion. He had brought nothing for me to hack into so I learned nothing about him. I went about my usual routine, being glad to be out of that metal collar and to be underway again.

A woman met us at Liberty Station. She was Lieutenant Puce.  Lieutenant Puce and conducted us to her office.

Liberty Station was noisy. There were all kinds of animals making all kinds of noise. We passed through decontamination five times before we got to our destination. I was sneezing, the various plants irritating my nose, or was it the dousing of my fur? I wasn't sure. I know I did not like it. My pads were sore, making walking difficult. My eyes watered. My nose ran. 

"I am sorry, Captain Star Runner" Lieutenant Puce said. This decontamination is necessary. We do not want you to spread anything and we do not want you to catch anything."

I said nothing. I was quite cross and I knew I would not like anything Lieutenant Puce said. Besides, our colors clashed. My whole dealing with Republic of Space Intelligence had been an upsetting experience and I sensed it was going to get a whole lot worse.

"Everything's in place. We have your tickets, your supplies and your cover story," Lieutenant Puce announced.

I realized she wasn't talking to Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight). She was talking to me.

"What? I asked. "What do you mean?"

"You'll need to go planetside and travel to the agricultural community where Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo is being held. Did not you know this?"

"Me? Go planetside? Interact with terrorists?" The latter may have been a stretch, but it was the way I felt.  "Besides, how could a Pantheran, a star runner, possibly have a cover story for going planetside on an agricultural world in the Republic of Space? It is ludicrous."

The intelligence agent looked crushed.

"I thought you could be looking to start a business. Pantherans have businesses, do not they?"

"Of course," I said, "but how would I have gotten into the Republic of Space in the first place."

Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) rescued Lieutenant Puce. "The farmers on Fraternity will not know that Pantherans aren't living on other planets in the Republic of Space. They keep mostly to themselves. They are here because they wanted to get back to the land and be homesteaders."

"But they got Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo at Concordia and brought her here," I said. "That sounds pretty sophisticated to me. Will not they be expecting someone to come after her?"

"We do not think they will do you any harm," Lieutenant Puce persisted.

"Is she always so inefficient? I asked Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight).

"We can't go down there," Captain Star Runner," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) growled. "Do not you understand?"

"No, I do not," I said. "You have treated me like a caged animal, made me wait around, dragged me through chemicals, made me sick and hurt all over and now you expect me to trot all over your planet looking for someone with a cover story that is ridiculous? This is a farce. I will never take another job for the Republic of Space if I get out of here in one piece"

My laundry play performance worked. Lieutenant Puce and Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) looked chagrinned.

"Let's do this," Lieutenant Puce said. "If anyone asks you, tell them you are interested in some farmland and you are meeting with a potential buyer."

"There's still the business of planetside," I said. "I do not go planetside."

"Why not?" Lieutenant Puce asked.

"I am a star runner," I repeated. "Star runners do not go planetside."

I actually thought this was obvious but clearly, Lieutenant Puce and the other intelligence agents did not understand about The Race and runners.

"Why do not runners, whatever they are, go planetside?" Lieutenant Puce asked.

I growled.

"Runners pilot spaceships," I said. "We are androgynous, genetically enhanced and intended only to live on spaceships and visit space stations. Only gendered members of The Race and those androgens designed for business, political, diplomatic or teaching applications have any reason to be planetside." I skipped a lot of job titles, but I thought it would give them the idea.

"Could not you just pretend to be one of these other Pantherans?" Lieutenant Puce was wielded.

"Runners," I said, realizing she knew nothing about members of The Race, "are part of their ships. We can't just go anywhere."

There was a stunned silence. No one said anything. I waited.

"You're here," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) finally said. "You can be separate from your ship. You moved around Union Station."

"But I was in contact with my ship," I said. I did not think I was giving anything away. Anyone who knew what a runner was knew they were tied into their AI.

"Is there anyway to unhook you from your ship?" Lieutenant Puce asked.

"No," I said.

"But surely there are occasions," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) objected. "You change ships, do not you?"

"When we change ships," I began, and knew what would happen. Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) had figured out that we weren't irrevocably tied to our ships. "We take what we need with us. The difficulty will be," I continued with resignation, "is not being away too long. You can design a simple portable unit for me to carry which has my essential links and I could tap into a communications net, but my ship literally takes care of me and I could become very sick very fast. And I will become very disoriented and disorganized," I added. "Ship does a lot of memory management for me, helps me find information and stores it so it can be found again."

"So your brain is connected to your ship?" Lieutenant Puce asked.

"Absolutely," I said. "Most of me is back on my ship. It is how I can know a great deal without reading consoles like you do."

"So we'll have to get you in and out very quickly," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "We thought there would be time to negotiate."

"What's our maximum window? Lieutenant Puce asked.

I considered. What should I tell them? Three days was my limit.

"A day and a half," I said. "After that, I start to degrade noticeably." That was true enough.

"Then we'll build your portable unit," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) concluded. "Do you have specifications?"

"Yes," I said. "You can get them off the ship's console."

"We'll have to change your travel plans to bring you more directly to the farm," Lieutenant Puce said.

"And we'll have to hope you can extract Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo quickly," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) added.

No one considered I had never been planetside. There was no help for it. I had to go to get Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo back aboard my ship. I could not leave the Republic of Space without her though I dearly wanted to be gone. I doubted I would ever return. And if I did, (There were economic incentives, after all.), I would insist on a guarantee that I could leave at will.

Chapter 13

As promised, the unit was built. Ship and I conferred how to use its space, leaving enough free space for new data. Ship removed lots of memory from my brain. I felt a little light-headed when the transfer was complete. The pointers were left so Ship could repopulate my brain with the memories themselves, but just having pointers was an eerie feeling. I could remember that I had known something, but not the details. I had known Colonel Philip Drucker, Station Manager Prudence Wu, Admiral Theodore (call me Teddy) Zelbousky but I knew nothing about them, just their names which pointed to some reality now forgotten but which, if I returned promptly, could be restored fully.

I announced myself ready and Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) escorted me to the passenger terminal for my flight to the planet. 

Flight. I wanted to flee all right but not to the planet but from it.

People stared at me. A fuchsia-colored Pantheran is a site to behold, though, come to think of it, I do not know why. I know nothing of the history of the Republic of space or why these people are here. They came from somewhere and they are here. They call their planet Fraternity and their moons Equality and Liberty, but I do not know what made them do this.

I sat down and waited to be allowed on the puddle jumper that would take me from Liberty Station to Fraternity. I had carried one of these little portable devices in the past, but I could not remember when. It hung around my neck. Afterwards, I would remember I carried it when I was a juvenile before I was part of a spaceship.

I looked at the people waiting. There were a lot of muted colored, brown, green, a few yellows, a burnt orange in the corner and a fair number of light blues. These were the colors of planetside, of farm and ocean, ranch and river. 

My ticket said I was going to Green Land, an area of personal farms near a medium-sized river whose name I did not know. I had a map on my personal AI. I landed on Fraternity at Landing Prime, caught an air ship to Homestead and from there a train to River Junction. I was on my own for finding transportation to the Porter Farm, but I had been assured this would be no problem.

Although the instructions seemed simple enough, I had never done anything like this before and I was very nervous. My tail kept twitching and I moved my ears constantly, listening. Sniffing aboard Liberty Station brought in so many unfamiliar smells. It made my head ache just to separate them into their component parts much less identify them. I wondered what being outside would feel like. I hoped it wasn't too scary. I had pointers telling me about why I was scared to go outside, but no information. Putting it together later, I was amused to find out that my fear had been generated largely from stories I had been told as a juvenile. Bad juveniles who did not listen to adults wandered off planetside and met with a grisly end. The intent of these stories from the nursery was clear: stay aboard the space station. Do not stow away. The wicked large flying birds or even dogs will eat you up. Humans have dogs. They are not permitted on Panthera. The large flying birds are gone, too, though they are maintained in carefully guarded facilities off world.

Finally, my flight was called and my adventure began.

Chapter Fourteen


We queued up. Someone checked my boarding pass while two security guards looked in my backpack and examined my neck bag. I was permitted to board the transport ship. I located my seat, near the rear of the vessel. I strapped in, missing my acceleration web immediately. The seat was uncomfortable as it was designed for a human. Lieutenant Puce had assured me I would not need the protection of a high-G cockpit. The transport ship only ferried passengers between Liberty Station and Fraternity, a forty-five minute run. The passengers could even look out the heavily filtered ports, windows they called them, to see their progress to and from the space station.

I was nervous, never having been on a transport vessel of this kind and having only the flimsy harness to secure me. Ship murmured in my mind from the box I carried inside the pouch around my neck. The presence of the AI made me feel a little more secure, but the confusion of boarding surrounded me. There was all this talking, people loaded down with gear, cupboard doors banging, and the overwhelming smell of human.

"What's your name?" a juvenile asked me, sitting down next to me. "My name is Vermillion. I am six."

"How do you do, Vermillion," I said gravely. "My name is Star."

"I thought it would be Cerise," Vermillion said.

"I am Fuchsia, not cerise," I said. "I am named for the white patch on my forehead."

"You smell like a cat," Vermillion announced.

"Vermillion, do not annoy people," a large red female commanded.

"I am talking with the cat," Vermillion said.

"I am not a cat," I said. "I am a Pantheran."

"You look like a cat," Vermillion assured me.

"Strap yourself in," the large red female instructed. "We're almost ready to leave."

I wondered if the large red female was Vermillion's mother. She could have easily been a sister, an aunt, or no relative at all. Vermillion did as she was told.

"We're on our way home," Vermillion confided. "We went all the way to Harmony to see my father. He works there. The voyage was very long and very boring. I want to get home and see my other daddy."

I did not know what she meant but decided I did not want to know.

"Can you meow?" Vermillion asked. Whiskers, my kitty, meows quite a lot, at least, she did before I went to harmony. We've been gone six whole months."

I knew if I said yes Vermillion would want a demonstration. Speaking in Pantheran is something I refrain from doing in human company. There are too many cat remarks when I do. I speak Pantheran to Ship, of course. My memories are usually coded in Pantheran for convenience. Ship drills me in speaking aloud on a regular basis. When runners first went into space and did not speak Pantheran for a long time, they forgot how to make the sounds and had to be retrained. Pantheran is a complex vocal language. Inflections are very important and can be tricky to master if not used regularly. There are a series of exercises that keep the vocal chords and larynx flexible and modulated correctly. Tamara always called these exercises my singing lessons because I went up and down the scale. I am, incidentally, quite a good singer. My rendition of the Mother of Us All Be Praised is memorable. I had to sing it at every gathering at the Institute when I achieved my full range. I was told it hadn't been that well done for centuries. Tamara, on the other hand, hid in her stateroom under the blankets with a pillow on her head--or so she said--when I practiced.

An alarm sounded.

"Prepare for launch," a computer advised over the cabin speaker. "Secure all carry on items. Fasten your seat restraints. Launch in thirty, twenty-nine, twenty-eight ..."

The count down continued. I tensed. I was not in control. I had no readouts. I did not know what was happening.

"Are you scared?" Vermillion asked.

"Yes," I said.

"'fraidy cat," Vermillion jeered.

"Vermillion." The large red female hissed. I thought the hiss sounded weak, but then, humans can't hiss very well. I thought about hissing myself, but reconsidered when I remembered Tamara laughing when she realized I would not hurt her. "Your cat sounds sound so funny," she had said.

"He is a 'fraidy cat," Vermillion insisted. "This is a dumb old transport vessel, not a real spaceship."

"I run real spaceships, little girl," I said. "I run them all by myself. I do not like being a passenger."

I had felt the ship float free when the magnetic clamps released. We drifted away from Liberty Station, and then the thrusters engaged right below our seats. The vibration through my tail felt reassuring. The transport summer salted away from the space station in a wide arc, then came around to its heading. It felt like slow motion. I watched out my port, on the dark side from Liberty Moon, seeing the vastness of space and finding it reassuring, that it was still there. Most of the humans watched the station recede, finding the disorientation and the empty reaches unsettling to their minds and stomachs. I was genetically designed to withstand most views and their accompanying vertigo. Runners never minded being upside-down.

We were just beginning to come around the dark side of the moon to where the energy launcher was. The locals called it the Shooter. It would provide most of the energy to propel us toward Fraternity when I saw the ships. They were agricultural ships, moving fast, coming toward us. Their trajectory indicated interception. What were they doing here? Was their traffic control problem. When they were in range, the two ships ejected long metallic coils. Magnetic grappling bars. They grabbed hold of the transport ship. The agricultural ships began to reverse, dragging the transport vessel away from the Shooter and toward Equality. We were being hijacked. I wondered why and by whom.

It was, upon reflection, a perfect location for a takeover. We had entered what Liberty Station personnel referred to as noisy space. Communications were scratchy at best. Most ships just ran silent, being in visual range of the Shooter and relying on it to pull them into position. The whole process was automated and required only minimal human supervision. The agricultural ships came in under cover of the noise and pulled us out before anyone knew we were gone. The capture would be noted soon enough, but by then we would be well on our way. Patrol ships oversaw Republic of Space borders and cruised the main shipping lanes. Only as special escort did they make contact with local space stations. Without a good reason, a planet's territorial space did not require attention. Piracy, for all intents and purposes, did not exist in the Republic of Space. Nevertheless, our vessel had been seized and we were their prisoners until further notice. Transport vessels carried no weapons. There was no need. Agricultural transport vessels that were no more than shuttles did not carry weapons either. I wondered if these did and if they were part of the separatist movement. It did not seem to me that local or system government had the situation. Were they underestimating the affect and strength of this movement?

"There will be an unforeseen delay," the speakers over my head boomed. "Remain calm and seated. For your protection, keep your restraints in place."

"What's happening?" Vermillion screamed. "I want to go home."

"It is all right, dear," the large red female said. 

The whole cabin was alive with questions, demands, and most of all, fear.

I was more curious than afraid. This was an audacious maneuver. I suspected interfering with a planet bound transport vessel was a serious offense. The agricultural ships had to have a very good reason for attempting this venture. I wondered what I would find on Equality. I had never been to an agricultural space station. I had never been interested in one before.

Chapter 15

Two gray-clad males escorted me, Vermillion and the large red female named Raspberry to what must be an observation dome. It was not large. It was however cold. We were given a blanket apiece and locked in. As these doors were bulkheads, designed to prevent atmosphere loss if the dome were to lose pressure, I wasted no time on them. They would not open from the outside. Instead, I spread the blanket on the floor, curled up and prepared for sleep. I would be warm enough. Before I closed my eyes, I looked at the stars. I had expected to be without references, to be frustrated by the lack of information. Instead, I saw a triangle in the distance, very faint, very far away. My own mind named the stars. I sighed contentedly as I buried my nose in my paws and tucked my tail around my them. I had seen the Mother's left ear.

"If you can see the Mother of Us All," I had been told as a very young juvenile, "the Mother can see you and everything will be all right."

It was a ridiculous platitude, but it still gave me comfort all these years later.

Unlike humans who often have difficulty falling asleep and then coming to full wakefulness quickly, I can drop off at the drop of a hat and wake completely when necessary. The sound of footsteps coming down the corridor outside prompted me to come to an alert state.

The humans, Raspberry and Vermillion, were huddled together wrapped in blankets on the bench, which encircled the dome. They appeared to be cold and sleeping fitfully. Vermillion had first thrown a temper tantrum and then burst into loud and obnoxious sobbing before curling up with the large red female. I was still uncertain if Raspberry was her mother. In some ways, Raspberry seemed quite inept with the child. On the other hand, Raspberry simply seemed incapable of most everything.

The doors were unlocked and four agricultural workers entered the dome. I could surmise that they were agricultural workers because they wore uniforms with colored patches, which I supposed indicated their names. For convenience, Lieutenant Puce told me, people in the Republic of Space had adopted this practice. It helped to maintain their privacy which was of great importance to them. Her actual name was not Lieutenant Puce. She just used it for convenience.

"Who are you?" Medium Blue asked, pointing at me.

I considered my response. Fuchsia would be the simplest response. Star would also be appropriate. However, if this operation had anything to do with the separatists holding Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo who were willing to give her up if I was the catalyst for her release, and then it would be imperative that I be identified as Captain Star Runner quickly to affect Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo liberation. 

This kind of thinking was very hard for me. My head began to ache. I wished for the full computing power of Ship.

"I go by Star," I said.

"Just Star?" asked Tan.

"Sometimes," I said. "Sometimes by Runner because that is what I am."

"Runner?" Lustrous Gold was confused.

"A particularly enhanced member of my race," I said. "I pilot specially modified spaceships."

"Oh yeah?" Flat Black said.

"Yes," I said. "It is imperative that I get back to my own business matters on Fraternity as soon as possible."

"No chance of that," Lustrous Gold said. "We're holding all of you as a bargaining chip."

"And what sort of bargain as you seeking?" I inquired politely.

"We want our independence," Tan said proudly.

"Be quiet, all of you," Medium Blue said. "We get information. We do not give it out."

"Right," each of the other muttered.

"Are you separatists?" I asked.

"What do you know of separatists? Medium Blue demanded. Clearly, she was in charge.

"I have heard things," I said. "It is important for a person of business like me to make myself familiar with local conditions."

"What things?" Medium Blue asked.

"Nothing very specific," I replied. "Only that Fraternity has a separatist movement. I was not aware it had spread to Equality."

"It hasn't spread anywhere," Medium Blue said. "We started it here. We're organizing agricultural workers on the planet."

I desperately wished I could access my databases. I only had a word to use.

"Like a union? I asked, not sure exactly what a union was or what I would gain from my inquisitiveness. I needed more information and this was the only way I could think to get it.

"No." 

That answer was firm and quite definite.

"We want to be totally independent," Lustrous Gold explained.

'You want to secede from the Republic of Space then, set up your own government, deal with other planets besides the other four in the Republic of Space?" 

I was quite thankful I had a dictionary at hand. I needed a vocabulary to conduct this conversation. I really wasn't sure how such a plan would work. I suspected the separatists may not have a very good grasp on the particulars either.

"We want to dissolve our relationship with the Republic of Space," Medium Blue said hurriedly. "We want to reinstitute libertarian practices."

"It sounds like you need business people like me to assist you in making your dreams a reality," I said. "May I introduce myself fully? I am Captain Star Runner of the Northern Star. I have been associated with the Free Residents of the Northern Territories. Perhaps you will need my services. I handle, let us say, premium cargo that needs to be moved quickly from one location on the frontier to another without, umm, shall we say, without inquiring minds knowing of its transfer or even of its existence."

Medium Blue's eyes grew wide.

"You're a smuggler?" Tan asked.

"Some might call me that," I said. "I have been also called a Pirate and a Patriot as well as a traitor to my race. But I do not think we need to dwell on any title."

"Flat Black, Lustrous Gold," Medium Blue said. "Escort Fuchsia here to Antique Silver's office. I think Captain Star Runner's assistance may be very helpful."

First things first. I got out of the freezing cold dome and away from Vermillion and Raspberry, at least for the present.

As I left under guard, Vermillion began to scream while Raspberry protested their incarceration and made threats based on their position in society with statements like, "Do you know who I am?" and "Do you know who her other father is?"

For my part, being able to move in the relative warmth of the corridor was sufficient for the moment. Food and a more comfortable situation were high on my list of important commodities to secure.

We entered Antique Silver's office. It really was an office. It was entirely utilitarian.

"Who is this?" Antique Silver asked from behind his desk.

"Medium Blue sent him," Lustrous Gold said.

"It," I said. "I am properly it, not him or her."

"What do you mean?" Flat Black asked. Flat Black seemed to be good on strength but lacking intelligence.

"I am an androgen," I explained. "I am neither he or she. I do not reproduce. As I told Medium Blue, I am a specially enhanced member of my race."

"You would be a Pantheran," Antique Silver said.

"That is correct," I said. "Captain Star Runner of the Northern Star, lately of the Free Residents of the Northern Territories."

Antique Silver was silent for a minute. "That spells FRONT," he said.

"That is correct," I said. "They are a movement to disassociate themselves from the Coalition."

"And you are a part of that?" Antique Silver inquired. "I did not think Pantherans ever turned on one another."

"I would not call it turning," I said, wondering how I would survive all this nuanced speech. "You may not be aware ... The Coalition has closed the northern frontier. There is an Interdiction. I find myself unable to pass freely from the Palatine back to Coalition space."

"Can't you get a special pass or something?" Lustrous Gold asked.

"There are certain irregularities," I said, choosing my words carefully, "that the Coalition deems of sufficient gravity that being on this side of the border is preferable to being on the other side."

"You are some sort of an outlaw then," Antique Silver concluded.

"I believe the expression is 'I have a price on my head'," I said. "There was a certain action involving both the Free Residents of the Northern Territories and a patrol vessel. The Hispaniola is now the property of the Free Residents of the Northern Territories; its databases have been transferred to information technology systems which are more compatible with human retrieval and dissemination techniques."

Antique Silver whistled. "You stole a Coalition patrol ship?"

"I did not steal it," I said. "I brought it from the border to Long John Antique Silver, escaping a detachment of Coalition warships."

"I thought they needed special pilots for those ships," Antique Silver said.

"They do," I said, marveling that he knew so much about matters outside the Republic of Space. "I am such a pilot. We are called runners."

"Sounds like you run away," Flat Black said.

"No," I said, "I run the ship from this place to another."

Antique Silver ran a beefy hand through his Antique Silver hair.

"And Medium Blue finds you of interest," he said.

"Indeed," I said. "I am a business person. I have a ship and I transport prized goods from here to there. I understand you are part of the separatist movement on Fraternity."

"Medium Blue told you we started it," Lustrous Gold reminded me.

Antique Silver dismissed Lustrous Gold's remark with a gesture.

"Have you searched him, err, it?" Antique Silver asked. 

They searched.

"Be careful of that box," I said. I did not want any harm to come to my mini AI.

"What is it, some kind of computer?" Flat Black asked, shaking it.

"Please," I said, holding out a paw. "I need that to operate. I told you I am enhanced. That is part of the enhancement."

I tucked the AI back into my neck pouch. 

"Captain Star Runner," Antique Silver said, "may I trust you to conduct yourself in a manner such that I can send these two back to Medium Blue. We have to process all the other passengers, allow them to send brief messages to their loved ones and arrange ransom."

"And me?" I asked, "May I send a message, too?"

"Depends," Antique Silver said, with a not unkind smile, "what the message is and to whom it is addressed."

"To Liberty Station," I said, "to the Northern Star, my ship. Simply say these exact words: Unforeseen delay."

"That is it?" Antique Silver asked.
"That will be sufficient for my the Northern Star to contact someone in my absence," I said.

It was what Lieutenant Puce, Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) and I had arranged. The Northern Star, Ship, would contact Lieutenant Puce and relay the message. Unforeseen indicated circumstances were beyond my control. Delay had seemed a as good an explanation as any. My time away from the Northern Star was beginning to worry me. I needed to get back there as soon as possible and reevaluate the situation. Apparently, Lieutenant Puce and Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) were unaware of the connection between Equality and the Fraternity separatists--unaware or unwilling to share information with me.

Antique Silver sent the message.

I sat down in a unpadded metal chair near his desk. Flat Black and Lustrous Gold left. I had made no promises to Antique Silver about anything. I was quite capable of killing him though I doubted I would get off Equality alive if I did.
Chapter 16

"Since you were able to get inside the Republic of Space and you have contacts with the Free Residents of the Northern Territories," Antique Silver began, "I think you may prove useful to us."

"Oh?" I said, hoping to draw Antique Silver out.

"You may not be aware," Antique Silver continued, "Fraternity is a rich planet. We do not just grow food here. In the old days, colonists were sent out from Earth and they were subsistence farmers, dependent on supply ships for all their manufactured goods. We do supply raw material to Concordia where it is needed for certain industrial uses, but we manufacture cloth, for example, right here. All the cotton, wool and linen used in the Republic is made here.

"We process all foods here. Anything that can be frozen, canned, dried or ultra-pasteurized comes from Fraternity. We can send fresh food from here to Harmony in stasis and its still fresh when it arrives. We have fisheries, ranches and farms on every continent. We grow food the year round. We also have processing plants: slaughterhouses, dairies, canneries, vegetable and fruit processing facilities, bakeries, and cheese makers for hard and soft cheeses. We make over two hundred blends of coffee available to the Republic."

He paused, waiting for me to say something.

I said, "That is impressive."

"Children on Fraternity do not expect to grow up and be family farmers," Antique Silver went on. "They expect to manage these plants, be expert cheese makers, fashion designers, chefs in the finest restaurants through the Republic of Space. They do not expect to pick peas."

I waited. I did not understand what Antique Silver was driving at.

Realizing this, Antique Silver leaned forward across his desk to emphasize his next point, "We need inexpensive labor, Captain Star Runner. We need people from other worlds who want a fresh start, who want to make something of themselves. They'll have to start at the bottom, but in our free society, they can work their way up. There's nothing to stop them. And if they will not make it, their children will."

Privately, I doubted this. The paranoia of the Republic of Space would run deep; a distrust of outsiders would surface. New people would bring new ideas, new expectations. Life on Fraternity would never be the same, but I did not need to tell antique Silver this. He could believe whatever pipe dream he liked. I just wanted to get off Equality and back to the Northern Star and I needed Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo.

"The labor crisis on Fraternity has become critical," Antique Silver said, sitting back in his chair. "Anyone who cannot pay our ransom demands will be put to work in the fields. They'll be treated fairly. We're not talking slavery here. After a season, they can leave the farm. We just need to get the crops in and we can't make Central Gov understand this."

It sounded to me like they needed some agricultural androgens. That is what The Race did to solve this problem. The geneticists would design a suitable genetic profile for field workers and they would be developed from the fertilized eggs re-implanted into the females at the appropriate Institute. The resultant androgens would be able to do the job, follow directions and not aspire to positions much more above their station. That is how androgens were made. Exceptions were declared surplus and would either be terminated or seek employment elsewhere.

I dared ask a question. "I do not see how a transport vessel's compliment is sufficient to resolve your problem," I said.

"It does not." Antique Silver hurried to explain. Were just trying to grab some headlines, get attention from Central Gov."

"And where do you see me fitting into your plan," I asked. "I cannot function very long away from my ship. I doubt you have the medical facilities here to sustain me." It was a shot in the dark but I had to try to get off Equality and back to Liberty Station and the Northern Star.

"You have some sort of condition?" Antique Silver asked.

He seemed concerned. I doubted it was personal. The separatists wanted the moral high ground. If any of the passengers got seriously hurt or died, their cause would not seem so pure.

"Yes," I said, "I can't be away from my ship very long. You see, I am really a part of it and not designed to function independently except in emergencies and not for very long."

I was taking a big risk here. If I wasn't allowed back to the Northern Star, I would have to become very ill. I thought this might be possible to fake and might even come to pass so I played the sympathy card for all it was worth.

"And if I return you to your ship," Antique Silver said, "what guarantee do I have that you will honor our agreement?"

"Agreement?" I asked, not having been aware we had made one.

"You have a ransom to pay also," Antique Silver said. "Your ransom is communication between us and the Free Residents of the Northern Territories."

"I would have to be outside of the Republic of Space to send such a message," I said."

"Then we would have to send someone with you, would not we?" Antique Silver said.

"Not possible," I said.

"Then I guess it is not possible for us to return you to your ship," Antique Silver said.

"You have something," I said, "that I came looking for. It is not yours and I would like it returned. If it is returned, I will consider my kidnapping not to have happened. Misusing other people is a serious offense in the Republic of space. I am under Central Gov's protection while I am here."

Antique Silver was startled. He had, apparently, thought he could do with me as he wished, threaten me, and expose me to danger, even death without repercussions. My assertions shook his confidence. Although Antique Silver and his separatists were prepared to contest Central Gov's authority, the he did not know what the status of outsiders was and how Central Gov would respond. I knew the regulations. I knew the Northern Star had passed on my message to Lieutenant Puce and Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight).

"And what is it that we have?" Antique Silver asked.

"Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo," I said. "I believe she is planetside."

"She belongs to you?"

"Not as property," I said. "I brought her to the Republic of Space. I cannot leave here unless I have her aboard my ship."

"So you're not looking to invest on Fraternity as you stated," Antique Silver challenged.

"I said I was looking for business opportunities," I said, hearing a hiss slip into my speech. I was getting annoyed. I wanted to lash my tail, put back my ears, but I restrained myself. These metal folding chairs were extremely uncomfortable for me to sit on. I was hungry and I needed to use the litter pan. An opportunity to do business with the separatists may still be a possibility," I went on, "but I find the disagreeable. I want Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and I want to be returned to my ship."

At that, moment we were jolted in our seats as the building shook.

"What was that?" Antique Silver demanded, picking up a speaking device.

"We're being hit with an energy weapon," a voice over the speaker said. 

"An energy weapon," Antique Silver said. "There are no armed ships in the system."

Another jolt. It must be the Northern Star. I wondered if Ship had let anyone aboard or if it was here on its own.

"Hail the ship. Put me through." Antique Silver instructed the unseen person on the other end of the device.

"Cease your attack," Antique Silver demanded. "We have civilians here."

"Release all your prisoners," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said over the speaker. "You can begin with Captains Star Runner and Gyllian Romeres Lujo."

"She's not here," Antique Silver said, and then realized he had admitted to knowing about her and her whereabouts. He sighed. "Very well."

Antique Silver turned to me.

"You may go."

I leaned over to his speaking device.

"Ship," I said. "Hold fire. I will be with you shortly. Resume fire if I do not come aboard within twenty minutes."

The transport was uncomfortable but quick. I slid into my acceleration web and felt Ship go to work immediately. The discomfort I had felt aboard Equality floated away quickly. I instructed Ship to wait for a full medical review.

"Status," I said out loud, including Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) from his position at the human console.

"The Northern Star relayed your message and I came as soon as possible," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said.

"The other passengers? I asked.

"They're being gathered together. We'll escort them back to Liberty."

"And the separatists? I asked.

"I can't do anything about them," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "I do not have the resources. Lieutenant Puce is on her way to talk to Antique Silver. I have an operative planetside who is contacting the farm where Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo is being held. Antique Silver sent a message to release her."

"Very good," I said. "We'll wait here until Lieutenant Puce arrives and the passengers are returned to Liberty Space Station."

"I am grateful to you, for the use of your ship," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said.

"Central Gov will hear from me," I said. "I do not appreciate my private vessel being commandeered for military use."

"I can appreciate that," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "We have a deep respect for private property here in the Republic of Space. Let me know if you have any problems."

"I am counting on it," I said. "This has turned into a very costly business trip."

Chapter Seventeen

Although Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) left the Northern Star as soon as we docked at Liberty Space Station, I settled down for a long session in the acceleration web now that we were not underway. I needed for Ship to reintegrate my memories and information stored on my portable AI with the Northern Star's main database. Conversely, Ship needed to supply me with the necessary information the Northern Star had acquired during my absence. Normally, I would have chosen a diverting fantasy, sexually based of course, but I was pretty worn out from my ordeal. The energy I normally expended on the sexual fantasy and its arousal and physical motion seemed more than I wanted to experience. My perception did not necessarily equate to reality. Ship boosted my system to thoroughly enjoy the experience and cleaned me up afterwards. I would not experience any orgasm-related fatigue unless I wanted to. In fact, I could have back-to-back fantasies if I so desired. However, my mental and emotional fatigue made me choose a state of semi-sleep. I was drifting in a drug-induced state, relaxed and feeling content. I was not aware of the exchange of information that Ship was making. That would have been painful or at least disconcerting. Memories are like files. Ship read, defragmented, consolidated, reorganized and rewrote them. When I regained full consciousness, I would have a slightly different recollection of events than what actually happened to me, but it would be much more useful. As I felt better, I did entertain the idea that some physical stimulation would be pleasant, nothing strenuous. There was no accompanying story line, no visual imagery, and no audio or olfactory stimulus. I just felt the touch of someone stroking sexually sensitive parts of my body. The fact that I could feel this without possessing these parts is what makes being an androgyny not such a loss. I can specify gender or let Ship choose or even, as in this particular stimulation, have my breasts and my penis rubbed. I wonder if gendered members of The Race find real arousal as pleasurable.

I was fully awake now, fully in command of what happened.

Lieutenant Puce had not returned from Equality yet, but she and Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) wanted to update me in an hour's time. I left the Northern Star in search of some human food.

I sniffed after leaving the docks. There was a bakery nearby. I followed my nose and entered a tiny store, almost too small for me to feel comfortable between the display case and the wall. Fortunately, I am a creature of space stations and spaceships so tight areas do not disconcert me.

I looked in the display case, through the clear tempered glass. There were doughnuts: cinnamon sugar, custard-filled, jelly-filled, both grape and raspberry, chocolate-covered and fry cakes. I selected a gooey chocolate-topped doughnut filled with custard and a raspberry-jelly doughnut. I skipped the cakes though the chocolate one with multi-colored sprinkles looked delicious and the yellow cake with strawberry filling made my mouth water. Ship thought they were too much sugar for me all at once. I saw chocolate chip cookies, large ones, and added two of them to my purchase. I could have bought coffee, but I do not like coffee much. The proprietor of the bakery put my purchases in a bag and I stepped outside of the shop. I walked quickly toward a garden spot where several corridors converged. It was not much more than a circle of stone-looking material with plants growing in the center, but the affect of plants where structural materials predominate is soothing on humans. The plants, I am told, do contribute some oxygen and carbon dioxide removal to the air reclamation process. These plants were ornamental while most of the garden aboard any space station and any interstellar spaceship    is primarily filled with plants that are eatable.

I sat down to eat my purchases from the bakery. They were all quite good. I had time to wash my face and paws thoroughly before my meeting with Lieutenant Puce and Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight). Shoppers passed me, carrying their bags, either on their way to catch a flight at the departure lounges, to meet someone arriving from another star system or the planet at the arrival gates or just picking up something for their own spaceships or their own households aboard the space station. A lot of the workers lived here permanently. Usually the clerks stayed for a while and then went planetside or signed aboard a ship. Dockworkers did the same. Life aboard a space station was very routine and many people became bored with it very quickly. The on station activities were limited. There were movies, restaurants, gyms and social gatherings, but these were in limited supply.

"Our operative on Fraternity cannot secure Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's release," Lieutenant Puce told me when I got to her office. "You'll still have to go down to the planet."

"This is not acceptable," I said. "How do I know I will be able to get her back and how do I know I will get to the planet safely? If you are the law in this part of space, you are not doing a good job at all. Back on Unity, The Rev and you, Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight), assured me that I could just go down there and get Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo from the separatists. When I am on my way planetside for this purpose, I am kidnapped and held hostage by separatists on Equality. You seemed to be unaware the separatists held sway over Equality Space Station. According to Lustrous Gold the people on Equality are the founders and leaders of the separatist movement."

"Captain Star Runner, I can understand your frustration with this operation and your reluctance to reinitiate your voyage to Fraternity," Lieutenant Puce began, but Major Midnight Blue (or just plaint Midnight) cut her off.

"The separatists on Equality are not the leaders or even the founders of the separatist movement," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "They are highly motivated entrepreneurs who see the separatist movement as a chance to cash in. They want to control the movement of good on and off Fraternity through the agricultural space station. They want to charge very high costs for their services and have a strangle hold on the Republic of Space's breadbasket--Fraternity. We can grow food elsewhere, but not as cheaply as we can here."

"And your farm labor situation? I inquired.

"We are having a labor availability shortfall at this time," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) agreed. "However, this has happened in the past and there are always workers who will come for a season or two. If the separatists didn’t keep disrupting the normal flow of business, the field workers would be in place already. Make no mistake, Captain Star Runner. The separatists do not have a better proposal for doing business inside the Republic of Space."

"And outside the Republic of Space? I inquired.

"We do not need to do business outside the Republic of Space," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said.

"And what if someone wanted to do business outside the Republic of Space? I asked. "What if I wanted to set up a courier service to points outside the Republic of Space?"

"Is that why you really came here? Lieutenant Puce asked quickly, "to interfere in our internal affairs?"

"Calm down, Lieutenant," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) advised. "Captain Star Runner is an enterprising Pantheran simply looking for a market where one does not exist. We use its services from time to time when it is convenient for us. I admire its business acumen."

"Its?" Lieutenant Puce asked.

"Captain Star Runner is an androgen," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) explained. "Pantherans create members of their species to perform specific tasks in their society. Their abilities are specially engineered and enhanced for that particular job. Captain Star Runner is without gender and designed to integrate with its ship. That is why it is not keen on going planetside after its wayward cargo, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. Its ability to do something other than pilot its ship is very limited, unlike you or I who can adapt to a variety of environments and situations. Captain Star Runner is incapable of such freedom."

I resented Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight)'s laborious speech. Although what he said is generally accurate, Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) implied I was a lesser being, lesser than a gendered member of The Race and lesser than any human being. I am superior in some areas, less in others and quite capable of caring for myself if I have my ship. I had absolutely no desire to go down to the planet or patience with the run around I was getting to retrieve Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo.

"It, you say, Midnight," Lieutenant Puce murmured. "That is funny. I always thought Captain Star runner was female."

"I like pretending to be female," I interjected. If Lieutenant Puce thought of me as being female, I did not care. Maybe it would resolve something. Maybe she got along better with females. Some women did, sexually or otherwise.

"Really? Lieutenant Puce asked. "You do not find it offensive?"

"Why would I?" I asked. "Females get to wear pretty things and I like pretty things."

"Do you? Lieutenant Puce said. "Now I did not know that. You do not wear anything."

"Not generally," I said. "When I am doing business, I like to be unencumbered." Then I thought I might see if Lieutenant Puce found me at all desirable. Many humans found aliens sexually exciting, at least to fantasize about. "But when I am not doing business, I sometimes like to dress up."

I had scored a point. The idea was very exciting to Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight). I could smell his arousal and even see the beginnings of an erection. So the silent Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) wasn't all Republic of Space Intelligence. I wondered what his erotic fantasies were and how I might figure in them.

Lieutenant Puce was also excited and her scent wafting over me, hot and delicate all at the same time. I decided, despite his obvious reaction, that Lieutenant Puce might be the easier to engage. I wasn't sure if seduce would be the right word. It was always simpler if the human thought they were doing the seduction. Besides, 
Xoqtiq_7
It could be awkward with me not having the appropriate anatomical parts for sexual union and having to discover what part I played in my partner's sexual pleasure.

"Well then," Lieutenant Puce said, "I will simply think of you as female."

"Me, too," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) chimed in.

A thought began to coalesce in my mind. Perhaps it was Ship. Perhaps not. Maybe both of them were possible partners, together or separately.

"I am glad we got that settled, I said. Playing hard-to-get had its role. "Female or not, dressed up or not, I need to be on my way and I need Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo for that."

"You're in a hurry, then? Lieutenant Puce asked. "I thought we might do a little shopping and have lunch."

What a strange thing to say at a meeting of Republic of Space Intelligence officers. But then, maybe her imagination was working overtime. Maybe I would hear another interpretation of the separatist movement. Clearly, there were many and I had no way to sort them out. At some basic level, it did not matter what the truth was. The only two things that would matter was getting Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo back and salvaging any business advantage from this voyage. If nothing else, I might get some material for my pornography database. This is how they do it in the Republic of space might even sell.

"I think I might have time for that," I said to Lieutenant Puce. Then I turned to Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight). "Perhaps you could brief me later?"

"Eight? Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) asked. He withdrew something from his pocket. "This will let you into my quarters here on Liberty Station."

I took the card he proffered. I did not have a pocket to put it in. Perhaps my shopping trip would produce a shopping bag at the very least.

Then Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) left the intelligence office for the Republic of Space. Lieutenant Puce locked up and together we ambled, side by side, down the side corridor to the main shopping area of Liberty Space Station.

Liberty Space Station is a lot like other space stations I have visited. The shopping area has a higher overhead and a wider corridor. Shop windows are crowded with wares. We began looking into them. Lieutenant Puce stood very close. I could smell her pheromones. They tickled my nose. To aid in my role as pursued, Ship tickled the part of my brain that began my own sexual fantasies. Because I was with a human female that was attracted to human females, Ship focused on human breasts. I felt Lieutenant Puce's presence and I was very aware that my nipples were becoming erect and hard. I liked the feeling. My tailed quivered, my whiskers trembled with excitement. Shopping. Lunch. Perhaps we would retire t of Lieutenant Puce's quarters or even the Northern Star. What would she ask me to do? What would she like? Would Lieutenant Puce teach me something new?

Ship, of course, was recording everything. This is how the new fantasy would go. Girl meets girl in office situation. Then they would go shopping.

It was a cliché of course, but then, Lieutenant Puce had suggested we do it.

We paused at a window where jewelry, women's under garments and scarves were displayed. I looked at everything carefully. Was there anything here for either puce or me? I wanted to address Lieutenant Puce, but then remembered humans find it distracting to be called by their full names at times like this. It ruins the mood, destroys the illusion of intimacy.

"I am sorry," I said. "You know my name but I do not know yours."

"Xoqtiq_7,"Lieutenant Puce replied.

"How unusual," I said. It sounded more like a temporary password than a name.

"My parents wrote down a temporary password in the name field, Lieutenant Puce explained. They did not have the money to change it. I was their twelfth child."

"Isn't that unusual for humans--twelve children? I asked. "Do not they usually come one at a time?"

"Twelve children altogether," Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, said. It was a big human family. My mother had a baby every year for fourteen years."

"Then what happened? I asked.

"She died," Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, said.

"I am sorry to hear that," I said.

"I do not remember her," Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, said. "I was only two at the time. Then my father remarried and our family grew again. I left home at sixteen and I've never been back."

"I did not know my mother either," I said. I wasn't sure how to engage in such a conversation. I suspected both Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Tamara would know how.

"You did not?" Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, was surprised.

"No," I said. "All females must give their first litter to the Institute. When the juveniles are weaned, she is free to leave the Institute. We're raised in the nursery by the upper classes."

"So you've cared for babies? Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, asked.

"Of course," I said. "They have to be fed, litter trained, taught almost everything. They need nurture, nutrition and exercise and need to be shown even how to wash. Very young kittens need to be washed. I've washed a lot of them in my time. It is kind of fun. The trouble is that their teeth and claws are very sharp and they often struggle until they get to know you. I've been nipped and scratched lots of times."

"Is that your favorite thing to do--I do not mean getting scratched--I mean washing the baby kittens? Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, asked me.

"No," I said. "I like teaching them the old stories when they're all tucked into their baskets and the lights are turned off."

"Ghost stories?" Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, asked.

I was familiar with the term. Ghosts are unknown on Panthera.

"Some of them are scary," I said. "I was thinking of the great ballads that go way, way back, and tell of the great deeds of the great Pantherans. I also tell them the stories about the beginning time, when the Mother of Us All came down to Panthera. I believe you call these stories religious myths."

I said this last to avoid the misunderstanding I had had with Tamara. She thought I literally believed the stars that could be seen from Panthera was the same as the Mother of us All. It took me some time to convince her that I knew the difference between a constellation and the Mother of us All.

"So you have a religion, too," Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, said wonderingly.

"We're complete people," I said. "We just do not have the ability to reproduce and we are specialized workers."

I studied the items in the window. "That is pretty," I said, pointing to an under garment for the breasts and matching panties. It had lots of lace and from what I had learned about its structural properties, it would make Lieutenant Puce's, Xoqtiq_7's, breasts appear larger and firmer. They were not particularly large. I think the word to describe her would be flat chested. It did not really matter to me. The arousal and excitement would be the same and I depended on Ship for my arousal so dimensions did not much matter to me.

"Do you like it? Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, said.

I took her question seriously. Would I like her in that brassiere? No, I would not.

"It is pretty," I said, "but it is not you. I think that one next to it is more you."

This bra would only cover the low half of her breast and her nipples would peek over the edge. It had wires inside the material of the brassiere to keep her in it. She needed a sheer blouse to complete the effect. The panties were very scanty, only a triangle of material to cover her pubis.

My suggestion had the intended effect. The arousal was greater. Ship tickled me between the legs as well as caressing my nipples gently. This was definitely a good experience. The fantasy possibilities had many permutations.

"Let's go in," Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, said.

We did. She tried on the bra. I was not permitted to see her in it. She selected the panties, some stockings and a garter belt to match, then a long garment that was quite sheer. They called it a pannier.

While she shopped, I perused the scarves, the only garments I wear. I had several Colonel Philip Drucker had bought me on Pirate's Cove back on the Northern Star. None of them seemed appropriate for today. I found one that had little flecks of fuchsia on a natural background as well as one with puce coloring. Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, did not have complementary color schemes, but that could not be helped. I had the clerk wrap Lieutenant Puce's, Xoqtiq_7's, scarf and I wore mine, enjoying the material against my neck and it falling across my chest. Unlike the metal collar I had to wear on Unity, it was comfortable and I instructed Ship to make it a cause for sexual anticipation. I also purchased a bag to place the card for Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight)'s card in. Then I wondered what I should wear to go to his quarters. I selected a delicately woven scarf. It was pure white, the weaving itself forming the pattern. That, too, went in the bag.

"Oh, that looks great." Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, enthuse when she saw my scarf. "You do look quite feminine in it."

I approximated a smile. In the store, she would not hear me purr which would have been a more normal response.

We left the shop and made our way to a quiet restaurant where we ordered lunch. This restaurant did not serve diner fare which I loved so much. I settled for a sandwich, tuna fish, of course. I like it and besides, humans expect cats to like fish.

After lunch, we walked purposefully to Lieutenant Puce's, Xoqtiq_7's, residential assignment. Liberty Space Station, like all space stations, needed to use its limited space to the best advantage. In theory, at least, space stations were self-sufficient and, it was always hoped, profitable. Some were. Some were not. If they were not, someone had to absorb the loss. This was often planet-based government. Sometimes it was the merchants or the spacefarers. Sir charges on spaceships could be high. Other times spaceship owners had to belong to an organization to dock at a given space station. One of the reasons I had liked using Dirty World Station was that its fees were low if I was a member. I had kept my membership up although I had not been there in some time. It had been first extremely convenient--no questions asked about where I had been, where I was going and what I was transporting. Then it had become extremely inconvenient. The Coalition had me on its most-wanted list. I was to be terminated on sight and my pelt brought back to Coalition space for payment. Dirty World Station became a focus for the bounty hunters. Fortunately, I had gotten wind of this--it pays to be a member in good standing--and I avoided Dirty World Station until the county hunters grew tired of waiting, had exhausted their funds or had been thrown off Dirty World Station for numerous infractions of the few rules that were enforced. I was free to return at any time now, but I had not had cargos that brought me in that direction. Now that Tamara was in school on Socrates, I probably would be there more frequently. I had been uneasy about exposing Tamara to the roughness of the people on Dirty World Station. It wasn't called Dirty World for nothing. When Tamara became more sophisticated, I would be at ease with her operating independently. Station Manager Prudence Wu had put Tamara in my care and although I could not function as her guardian, I took my responsibility for her safety and well-being seriously.

Most living spaces aboard a space station were small. Some were not much bigger than a closet with a pull out bed, sanitation unit and minimal cooking facilities. If someone had more possessions than would comfortably fit in their living space, they rented a locker near the docks. Most people traveled very light and bought necessities when they arrived. There was always an active buy-and-swap area aboard any space station where goods could be exchanged, sold or purchased. Most things were exchanged until they completely wore out or broke. Then there were salvage dealers to buy the unwanted and unusable items. Transport to space was still expensive and everything needed to be extracted from an item.

Lieutenant Puce's, X0qtiq_7's, apartment--her word for it--was similar to all the units I had ever been in. It was one room, not large, with a kitchenette and sanitation until on one side and a large storage area on the other. In an alcove in the rear, behind the storage area was her bed--a large one I was surprised to notice. I wonder how often Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, entertained in the manner I was to be entertained.

Humans, I learned, differed on how they viewed such entertainment. Some felt that life was short, hard and filled with disagreeableness. If one could have even a few minutes of pleasure, even if it was only physical pleasure, it was a good thing. Others thought that these physical encounters made sex undesirable and one should establish a permanent relationship, or at least one thought would be a permanent relationship, before engaging in sex.

The Race does not expect gendered members of The Race to have permanent relationships before engaging in sex. It does recognize that females in heat will conceive and does expect the partners to make arrangements for the juveniles to be nurtured and brought up properly. Sterilization is very popular, especially on Panthera where it is very expensive to care for a litter. Many females elect sterilization after their first mandatory litter for the Institute. They have had the experience of conception, gestation, birth and nursing and do not want to repeat it. Many males, after making their contribution to the sperm bank--they do not mate with the females--also elect to be neutered. The Institute can charge both males and females for this service and make a handy profit out of it. Their societal duty discharged, the males and females can enjoy their sexual encounters free from restraint except for sexually transmitted diseases which break out frequently. For a long time gendered members of The Race blamed the Institute for these diseases, but it was finally proved that the Institute was not the source of them. Drug use and multiple partners kept the sexually transmitted diseases alive. The Institute checked all gendered members of The Race when they arrived untreated them for any sexually transmitted disease before using them to harvest reproductive material.

As an androgen, I was free from all biological imperatives. I could experience sex through fantasy. Runners are particularly fortunate in this regard. It is part and parcel of our life aboard ship. Androgens are often approached to participate with gendered members of the Race in their sexual activities, to bring the gendered member of the Race to orgasm. I would have no objection to this on principle, but in my experience, this usually amounts to forcible penetration or some other form of rape or sexual abuse. I am open to a business arrangement where I am compensated for my participation. Prostitution is, after all, quite legal and does not carry any stigma between members of The Race though it is both illegal and frowned upon in human circles, at least in most places.

I was here with Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, to further my pornographic database and to move the release of Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo from the separatists from plan to reality. I had also received a meal. I can be flexible with my terms of payment. Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, probably did not even think of this as a financial transaction but as an opportunity for sexual experimentation and gratification. In that, we both shared. But I could get the same feeling from my Ship without the need to interact with Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7.

I was suddenly irritated with this whole process. I had had to wait on Unity. I was getting nowhere with either Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, or Major Midnight Blue (or just plain midnight). I still did not understand why Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had left the Northern Star when I went to the Republic of Space Intelligence Office on Concordia. I was wasting time and I needed to get out of the Republic of Space and get on with my business concerns. Here in the Republic of Space I was completely cut off from what was going on in the rest of the northern frontier. I was losing money and I disliked that intensely. From 

I decided to be the initiator. Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, seemed to be unfocused. Maybe that was why she was here on Fraternity. Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, may not be a competent intelligence officer with initiative. Although she had suggested the tryst, Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, was not moving this sexual encounter forward now that we had arrived in her living space.

I stepped to where she was standing, ran my paws from her neck downwards, rubbing her nipples with my pads. I extended my claws and let their tips press slightly into them. I smelled her scent, letting it guide me in my movements. I brushed my whiskers against her neck. I nipped her ears. I pressed my hips into her rear end.

Then Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, pressed herself into my fur, grabbing handfuls of it, pressing her face against my chest, pulling my fur until it hurt. I growled, and with my claws extended, raked her back, tearing her blouse and the flesh beneath. Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, did not cry out. Instead, she sank her teeth into my shoulder. 

So, Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, liked it rough. I could play rough, too and I had the advantage. I had sharp teeth and claws and very, very strong jaws. I lashed my tail, hissed and spat, grabbed her and began slashing at her clothes and flesh. It was very, very controlled. I did not want to do any serious or long-term damage. I wanted Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, to feel the pain but not to be really afraid that she was in any severe danger from me. 

I could tell the violence and the perceived danger from me excited her. It was like playing with a mouse. That had been stimulating when I was a juvenile but I quickly grew out of it and learned to dispatch the unwanted creatures quickly and as painlessly as possible. I did not enjoy hurting Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7. At times, I choose a violent fantasy, but that is all it is, a fantasy. The other individual or individuals are not real. Even the violence done to me is only in my mind. I tire of it easily and will select straightforward sex acts for a while. This was real. There was blood. There was pain. What kind of a person was Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, anyway, that she wanted me to do this? Was I being taken advantage of? Would I regret this later? I did not know. I moved in to bring Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, to orgasm to end this. When I did, she collapsed on her bed, several wounds bleeding freely.

I washed the blood off my nails, mouth and fur, checking myself in her mirror in the sanitation unit.

"May I leave you now? I asked. "Do you need me to summon medical assistance?"

"No," Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, said. I have a medical bot subscription that will heal me."

I gathered up my bag and left her living space without another word. A subscription? They were expensive and I did not think a lieutenant in the Intelligence Office could afford one easily. I decided Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, had some sort of medical problem. I had been an unwitting participant. What would Tamara say, Curiosity killed the cat? Well, perhaps. I did not know what this might mean for what I needed to do. The encounter was troubling me. I would have Ship remove this memory as soon as possible and put it into storage so I did not have to think about it too much.

Chapter 18

I opened the door on Level 17 promptly at 8 p.m. local time that evening. I had spent considerable time in the acceleration web, offloading my experience with Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq-7, earlier in the afternoon. Dressed in my new white scarf, I thought myself prepared for my assignation with Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) 

I opened the door on Level 17 promptly at 8 p.m. local time that evening. I had spent considerable time in the acceleration web, offloading my experience with Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq-7, earlier in the afternoon. Dressed in my new white scarf, I thought myself prepared for my assignation with Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) 

Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) was sitting in a chair, reading. He looked at his chronometer then up at me. "You are punctual, Captain Star Runner," he said, marking his place and putting his book aside.

I closed the door behind me, wondering what sort of sexual perversion. I would be subjected to this time. Humans were certainly twisted. Nothing with them was straightforward when it came to sex. Come to think of it, nothing much was straightforward with them.

"My card," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said, putting out his hand. I reached into my bag and handed it to him. He placed it between thumb and finger, looked at it, nodded and put it into a nearby drawer. I thought the whole thing was odd. It was just a door key.

"Do we need any precursors before we get to business?" Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) asked. "I am just interested in the sex. Foreplay is not necessary."

"I like it straight forward," I said. "I am not into kinky."

Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) laughed. "Sex between you and me is kinky by definition, Captain. I am assuming it will be anal intercourse?"

"Yes," I said. "Protection is necessary."

"Done," said Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight), reaching back into the same drawer and taking out a condom packet. His movements were unhurried and deliberate. I positioned myself in front of him and he penetrated me. It was a simple sex act. I did not invoke any fantasy. I was simply a convenience for Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight). He was done quickly.

"We leave for Fraternity in the morning," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said when he was finished. "I will meet you in the departure lounge at 10:15 local time."

"And Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7?" I asked. "Will she be going also?"

"No," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "I came with you to Liberty Space Station primarily to assess Lieutenant Puce in person. We have been concerned about her for some time. She has a lot of potential, but as you know, her sexual proclivities preclude her being an effective intelligence officer. Her relief will be here by morning. I will relieve her, install the new person and then accompany you to Fraternity. Puce has botched this entire business and let the separatists think they have the upper hand. The card I gave you, by the way, recorded everything as I had intended. I needed proof. Thank you for providing it."

I thought about this. I had not had a choice in the matter.

"I will not participate in any review and you cannot use the recording commercially," I said. I doubted this would carry any weight in the Republic of Space but it had to be said. I hadn't signed any release.

"Standard operating procedure, Captain Star Runner," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "Republic of Space Intelligence is not in the habit of selling its files on its operatives. There will be no trial so no testimony is necessary. If it should ever come up, I would identify your actions as self-defense."

"Thank you for the advise," I said. "I am glad to assist Republic of Space Intelligence in this matter."

And I was. Although I had entertained the idea of helping the separatists as a business opportunity when I was talking with Antique Silver back on Equality, the Republic of Space held most of the cards as far as I was concerned. As soon as I got a hold of Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, I wanted to be out of here. A cargo would be a bonus at this point. Every day I stayed here, I lost money, no doubt about it.

Chapter Nineteen

Again I found Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) sitting in a chair reading a book. This time, however, he was in the departure lounge. I had my mini Ship Ai around my neck and I carried my new bag.

"Ah, Captain Star Runner," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said when I presented myself. "I see you are ready."

"Indeed," I said. "I am finding this matter quite tedious."

"As am I," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "Shall we board?"

Fortunately, this transport to the Fraternity spaceport, Landing Prime, was uneventful. No large red females, no insulting juveniles with witch to contend. Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) read his book during the journey. I watched out the viewport. Never having been to a planet before, I wondered apprehensively how I would fare. The planet grew larger and larger as we approached it. We went through the atmosphere and down and down. I could see the ground rushing up to meet us. As I had had whole space stations, rushing to meet me before, this did not seem too different. We landed rather than docked. The gravity was immediately apparent. Not too uncomfortable. I grabbed my bag from the overhead compartment and followed Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) off the spacecraft and into the spaceport, Landing Prime. As I was still inside a building, being planetside felt no different than being on Liberty Space Station.

Our airship was at another gate at the spaceport, Landing Prime. I followed Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) aboard. The air ship was crowded with little headroom and no spaciousness inside at all. Clearly, this was a transport vehicle and nothing more. I knew some air ships were quite grand and spacious, more of a saloon atmosphere where passengers could stretch out in comfortable chairs and sofas, read, listen to music, watch video or have a many-course fine meal served at a table. If I had had a choice, I would have liked to travel in such an air ship. This transport vehicle felt more like an animal conveyance which, I thought after some reflection, represented the truth of the matter. People needed to get from Spaceport Landing Prime to somewhere else and that was all. This was no doubt a less expensive alternative to the grand air ships. Perhaps people higher up the ladder used them. Perhaps people at the top had their own air ships.

I was glad also that Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) handled all the papers. After each checkpoint, he handed my papers to me so that I would have them if something happened to him or we got separated. I kept them carefully in my bag. I had inquired why chips were not used. My identification chip had been implanted at birth. There was never any question as to who I was. Other information had been burned onto the chip later. It was an unpleasant procedure but I only had to endure it at significant changes in my life. The last time had been when I was declared surplus. Not a happy moment, but then again, I would not have become the smuggler I am today if I was still a runner for the Coalition. I might also be fairly used up by now. Ship kept me in top operating condition and rested me whenever possible. My self-determination put a strain on my mental processing capabilities, but I had enhanced them with software and I could choose how my body was used by others. It was no accident that I had had Ship offload my encounter Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, so quickly. I had only a sketchy memory of it. If I was part of a Coalition crew, that memory could not have been offloaded and I would have had to endure it. I could not have offloaded it because I could not have used ship resources for my personal storage. The Northern Star, however, was my own ship and I could use its computing resources anyway I chose. I chose to store much information offline rather than in clear detail in my mind. It had proven more accurate and since I was rarely out of range of the Northern Star and Ship, it was no problem. Now I was out of range and the portable AI I carried around my neck did not have all the details of memories within it. If I needed detail, I would have to use planetside technology to contact the Northern Star to retrieve them. It was a risk but an acceptable one, I thought.

The airship lifted off. The ground receded, but not so far as to be unobservable. It was a weird feeling, floating in the airship with all the gravity restraints of the ground. Seeing the planet all that way down was also odd. On the other hand, I got to observe clouds close up--even be inside one. This was quite exhilarating. I had read about clouds, of course, and I had seen video, but I hadn't seen them for myself.

So far being on a planet was not as unsettling as I thought it was going to be. Maybe this trip would not be as scary as I had feared.
 
Our airship came into the airport at Homestead. And Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) seemed to know where he was going. I simply followed him. This seemed to be the best plan. I wondered if the train would be like the one, I had seen in the Rock Island Cafe back on Grand Central Station. I hoped so. I would like to sit in the caboose.

Unfortunately, this train was not like the one on the wall of the Rock Island Line. It was a passenger train though it did have an observation car with an upper level. Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) for the beginning of our journey, the observation level was closed and we had to content ourselves with seats on the lower level. These seats were wider than those on the transport ship. We would be many hours on the train Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) had explained. I took my next to the window. The train station was dark and a bit grimy I thought. Lots of people got onto the train. There was no whistle or any announcement. The doors simply shut and the train began moving. It was a strange motion, swaying from side to side. It wasn't like anything I had felt before.

"You'll get used to it," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) assured me. "Some people find it very pleasant."

I did not. Standing up to move around was extremely challenging. But not half as challenging as the view outside my window. The only way I can describe it is to seat say that there was no wall. The view went on and on. I was glad I was inside the train. I could just pretend this was a simulation Ship was providing me and that only the train was real. I wondered how it would be when I stepped off the train onto the planet itself. I had never been on real ground. I had, of course, been planetside in the fantasies. I had run on Panthera many times, engaging in the hunts of old. But I had never done it real time, without the security of knowing in the back of my mind that I could turn the fantasy off at any time and return to the confines of my ship. I could not do that here. This was the reality and Ship was the fantasy I could live in my mind. Of course, if things got too bad, that is exactly what would happen. My little Ship AI would tell my brain we were back aboard the Northern Star and I would believe it.

We were in open country about six hours out of Homestead when it happened. The train slowed and came to a stop. We were not at any station. We had stopped at several. Passengers had gotten off and new passengers had gotten on. I had finally been allowed up on the observation level and I was enjoying the view from the safety of the bubble in which I was sitting. 

What was wrong? I moved to the front of the car and looked over the cars in front of me. I could see nothing. We seemed to be stopped for no reason at all, stopped with no station at hand. Curious. Had we run out of fuel? I did not think so. Our stopping seemed quite intentional. The engineer had put on the brakes and we had come to a complete stop.

The speaker near me came to life: The Silver Express to all points North and West has encountered an obstruction on the railroad tracks. Remain where you are. Remain on the train. We are contacting Dispatch Central to get a crew to remove the obstruction. Remain where you are. Do not leave the train."

I wondered what sort of obstruction it was. How soon would a crew get here? Why would anyone leave the train? We were in a mostly unsettled part of the planet. Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) had told me this part of the planet was designated as ranch territory. Large animals were raised here. When they were old enough, they would be transported to another area and prepared for slaughter. I looked out. I could not see any large animals. I doubted any of them would be interfering with our progress. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had showed me a device on the front of the picture of the train at the Rock Island Line Cafe called a cowcatcher. It pushed large animals called cows off the railroad tracks in the early days when trains were first invented and cows frequently wandered onto the railroad tracks.

Then I saw them. There were a group of people, mounted on large animals, coming toward us. Their faces were covered with material. How strange. This must be the crew Dispatch Central had sent. The timing seemed a little strange. The announcement of the impending contact was only minutes ago. I did not think the crew could get here so fast.

Then I saw the guns as the people dismounted from the horses. These people were armed. They were outlaws. Suddenly, the whole scenario made sense. The obstruction on the railroad tracks was to stop the train so these people could come aboard. What did they want? 

I suspected these were separatists just as the people from Equality were separatists. This separatist problem grew bigger and bigger in my mind. Republic of Space Intelligence was not at all in control of this situation. Perhaps the separatists would actually succeed. I did not know how to evaluate such a thing. I did not have the computing power or the software at hand to think about this in much depth or to get any kind of an answer. It was my independent assessment, based only on the material in my own brain. And my own brain was not intended to solve questions with political, economic or even military implications.

Should I stay here in the observation area? The announcement had said to stay where I was. On the other hand, perhaps I would be needed. I thought about this. What could I do? I did not want to be captured. On the other hand, who knew how long I would have to wait for a crew to come from Dispatch Central. Besides, how did I know the message had been sent? Perhaps it had not. Perhaps it would not get through. I could be marooned here.

That thought was unacceptable. I needed to get Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and I needed to get back to the Northern Star and Ship. There was too much thinking I had to do on my own here on Fraternity. It was tiring and frustrating. I wanted to be back on the Northern Star and within the confines of the acceleration web, nestled there in its straps, connected physically to the Northern Star, the chatter of Ship in my mind, the displays scrolling in my mind's eye. I headed for the stairs down.

The lower car was in chaos. The masked people were waving their guns and shouting. The passengers were shrieking, climbing on the seats, trying to either overwhelm the masked people or to run away. I could not enter the car. From three steps up, I was able to stretch myself around the corner and view the scene.

One of the masked people pointed at me. "There he is," he said.

"Get him," another said.

The first person--I could not tell if it was male or female--pushed and shoved its way toward me.

"Come with us," it said.

I stood firm. Why should I do that?

"Come with me or I'll shoot," the person said.

That was a reason. I thought about jumping on top of it. I could have easily done so. It would have been dead quite quickly. However, the presence of guns deterred me. I could just as easily be shot. I made a large distinct target.

Was this it? Were these county hunters, here in the Republic of Space, here on Fraternity? Had they heard of the bounty and would they simply kill me for my pelt? I could not evaluate the possibility clearly or objectively. It was just my fear. On the other hand, they had a clear shot when I poked my head around the corner of the stairway. They hadn't taken it. That meant they wanted me alive. Was that right? I wasn't sure of anything. I disliked the anxiety this caused me. I further disliked that Ship could not assuage my anxiety through logical assessment or drugs.

I came down the rest of the stairs and walked meekly in front of the person with the mask and the gun. I had my little Ship AI around my neck. I did not need any of the papers in my bag.

"You bring anything with you? Someone asked me.

"A bag," I said. It is in the upper green locker back there."

"Got it," someone called.

And that was all. I was escorted off the train. It was an easy jump down to the real ground. I had never been on ground before. It was squishy, not hard like all the floors I had been on previously. It felt a little like the soil some of the plants were grown in the space station gardens I had visited.

With a gun still trained on me, I was told to mount one of the horses. I had never done anything like this before. How was it done?

A vague memory came into my mind. I sensed rather than knew it was my little Ship AI. I jumped into the saddle from the ground, not using the stirrups as the other people did. The horse was startled and shifted around nervously. I positioned myself as closely as I could to what it was used to and hung onto its mane, keeping low. Someone else had the reigns and another someone else had my bag. Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) was still on the train. I could hear him shouting and someone else shouting back. There was another empty saddle on a horse nearby. Soon the final masked person arrived, jumped into its saddle and we were off. I was the only one taken hostage. This whole exercise of stopping the train was to get me off of it. It wasn't a robbery as the stopping of trains had been in the Old West on Earth a long time ago. I would research these holdups much later. At present, I knew only that I was once more a captive.

Chapter 20

Riding proved difficult. I had never done this, not even in a fantasy. I held on as best I could, the saddle was not designed for a member of The Race. Although I have excellent balance, the uneven ground and the gait of the animal made it necessary for me to keep shifting my weight and adjusting my grip. The stirrups were of no help. I wondered if the saddle was helping or hindering me. I had only jumped onto the backs of other animals in a fantasy sequence and only to kill them as part of the hunt. Transportation in this manner was unknown to members of The Race.

The country grew wilder and wilder. It became more barren, more rocky. We were climbing higher in altitude. I knew escape was impossible. I would have no way of knowing where to go, where there was water and certainly, there was nothing for me to eat. The possibility of rescue seemed quite remote, too. I wondered why these people wanted me.

Finally, we stopped. We were still not anywhere that I supposed we were going. It was a rest stop for the horses and people. I was instructed to climb down which I did. I found a place to relieve myself. We had been taught how to do this on the ground via fantasy when juveniles so that was okay. When I rejoined the group, there was a place where the horses were drinking. I went over. It was called a spring. Tentatively, I approached and discovered I, too, could drink from it. That was exciting and exhilarating. The wild members of The Race from of old had drunk in this manner. Now I, too, had done it. It made this journey into the wilderness a little more bearable but I still did not understand.

There was also food. I managed to eat some to keep up my strength.

The people had taken off the scarves around their faces. I could see both men and women now. The leader of this group, Light Green I called him in my mind until I learned he was called Leafy Green, asked me if my Ship AI had a global positioning system built into it.

"Can anyone get a fix on you from that thing? Leafy Green asked.

"Not from Liberty Space Station," I replied. "The range of my Ship AI is very limited. I do not know exactly, but you can measure it in meters rather than in kilometers."

That satisfied him. They did not want me to be broadcasting my location. That would help a rescue party and also give the authorities a fix on them.

When I inquired the purpose of my kidnapping, they refused to say anything.

"You'll find out when we get there," Leafy Green told me.

Nor would Leafy Green or other others tell me when we would get        there, wherever there was.

We traveled for another day, stopping to rest the horses several t times. We were all tired, people, horses and me when we finally entered a narrow canyon that led us further into the mountains. I was wondering how much longer I could survive without Ship and the Northern Star. I might be of little use to them whenever we got to where we were going. If they wanted my pelt, that was all that would be left of me.

I had stopped being frightened. I was far more resigned to my fate. It had been a good run of years. I had done far more than any other androgen. As a fuchsia-colored Pantheran, I had not fulfilled any great expectation back on Panthera, but maybe that ancient myth was just that, a myth, or maybe it was for gendered members of The Race. I did not know. About now, I really did not even care much. I was just going through the motions until the end came. Tamara would not know what had become of me. I would be just one more mysterious death in the depths of space. In time, she would receive whatever monies there were. I had made those arrangements. I had not told her. After all, there was no one else to whom I could leave my profits and it seemed the right thing to do.

The canyon continued to narrow. We passed through a portion of it in single file, passing underneath a waterfall as well. Idly, I wondered where the water went. It went underground wherever it went. Then the canyon widened out into a small grassy valley. Very private. Very secluded. We had reached our destination.

And there, helping me down from my weary horse was Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo.

"Captain Star Runner," she said. "Welcome to Hidden Valley."

I could not speak. I was that tired, that thirsty, and that hungry. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo looked well, her skin darkened from the sun, her cheeks rosy red.

She led me to a tent where there was a bowl of milk, some chocolate chip cookies and another dish filled with meat, potatoes and vegetables. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo called it a stew. It was hot. I managed to eat everything, to relieve myself on the ground in a private area and then make my way back to the tent. There were blankets on a ground cover. I pulled them together and curled up on top of them. It wasn't as good as a basket, but it would work for me. I slept soundly and did not wake until just before dawn.

When I exited the tent, I found a sentry waiting for me. "The fire is there." The sentry pointed. "Warm yourself there. I will wake Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and bring some breakfast."

I complied with her instructions by settling myself on the ground near the fire. It was warm. I began to groom myself. I hadn't had the opportunity now in several days. I lacked the strength to do a good job, but the action itself was comforting if nothing else.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo arrived shortly, in clean clothes, her hair pulled back into a pony tail, a purple scrunchy holding it in place. The sentry also returned, carrying the makings of breakfast. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo accepted coffee. I accepted more milk. Something called pancakes were promised shortly.

"I would say you looked like something the cat dragged in," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo began conversationally, "but I do not think you would appreciate me saying that."

"If by that you mean I looked like I have been dragged across the wilderness, you would be correct," I said, washing the last of the milk off my whiskers.

"That gesture is so definitely you," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"What?"

"Stroking your whiskers that way. I've been on Panthera. I've met lots of Pantherans. You're one of the ones with the most dramatic whiskers I've ever seen. And, of course, your color is unique."

"Fuchsia-colored members of The Race are rare," I said. "There is only one every couple of centuries. As for my whiskers, they're rare for androgens, too. They're natural. That is rare for gendered members of The Race. They often have additional whisker follicles implanted to give them this richness. Maybe it comes with being fuchsia-colored."

Strange, I thought. These memories were in tact wile others were so hazy. I suspected Ship had not tried to write over any of my very long-term early memories. That might have caused damage to my entire memory structure. What a peculiar thing my brain was.

"Well," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo continued, "I think I owe you an explanation."

"Most definitely," I said. By my tone of voice, I let Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo know I was still very tired and very much aggravated with her.

"You do not seem well, Captain Star Runner," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said with concern.

"I am not," I said. "I have been away from the Northern Star for over two days. I need Ship to keep my system in balance. Eating human food is fine but without Ship monitoring and cleansing my system, I cannot survive very long. I have my portable device with me, but it cannot do any monitoring or cleansing. I am working with a very small subset of the database I am dependent upon for decision-making."

"So you need to be back aboard the Northern Star soon?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked.

"Within the day to recover fully," I said. "I do not know what will happen to me after that."

"Hmm," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I was not aware you had that limitation."

"I've never been planetside before," I said. "It is very stressful and that is augmenting my decline."

"Never, ever?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo sounded like Tamara.

"Never, ever," I said. "I am not used to it at all."

"And you have no defenses against any diseases," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "We'll have to change our plans, but we'll do our best to get you back to the Northern Star as quickly as possible. Let me get that in motion and then I'll explain."

The pancakes were delicious. I hoped I would have an opportunity to eat them again. The sentry who served them to me--she was called Chocolate Brown--told me I could most likely get them at spacers' diners. Chocolate Brown had never been to a space station, but she said pancakes were a common human food. I wondered why Tamara had never prepared them for us. I would have to ask her when I saw her again--if I ever saw her again. I did not hold out much hope that Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo could get me back to the Northern Star any time soon.

I napped by the fire. Creamy Chocolate kept it nice and hot for me. Other members of the outlaw band who had captured me as well as those who were already in Hidden Valley came and went. I paid them no attention. They paid me little as well. It all seemed so strange and made no sense at all. I consciously decided not to think about it for now and my portable Ship AI helped me do just that. I did not dream either. I just napped, catnapped I thought I heard someone say. Well, I supposed cats took naps, too.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo returned, had another cup of coffee and shook me more or less awake.

"Feeling any better?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked me.

"Not really," I said.

"I am waiting for Lieutenant Burnt Orange to get back to me."

"Lieutenant Burnt Orange?" I queried. "Who is that?"

"Lieutenant Puce's replacement," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo replied. "She's still getting up to speed but she can expedite your return to Liberty Space Station. Shiny Red and I will come a little later. You are to wit for us."

"Two of you? I asked.

"Yes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Now listen. I'll explain as much as I can to you, but I'll just go over the highlights now. I gather your portable AI has a limited amount of storage and you may not be able to properly transmit all this data. I do not want you to have mistakes in your data."

I said nothing. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was right but I did not like her having the upper hand and being right about matters having to do with me. Lieutenant Burnt Orange did not sound like a typical member of Republic of Space Intelligence. Expediting anything was not part of the Republic of Space bureaucracy I knew.

"You met me at the Rock Island Line Cafe on Grand Central Station," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo began, speaking in that slow way humans do when they think you will not be able to understand them because you are a fur-covered, naked member of the Race who speaks their language with a slight accent brought about by the shape of your mouth and tongue. If I spoke naturally in and in my native tongue, humans would not understand anything I said. Instead, they thought of me as a large house cat, a bit aloof and generally okay but bound to act like an animal rather than a person.

"Yes," I said. "I remember that."

"It was not accidental," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo explained. "We had been following your progress for some time. We arranged your cargo from Socrates to Grand Central."

"From Socrates to Grand Central Station," I said.

"Yes, you docked at Copernicus Space Station."

"Right."

"Then you said good-bye to Tamara Carson Wade."

"Yes," I said.

"Then you got a cargo--the only cargo available--and brought it to Grand Central Space Station."

"Right," I said.

"There was only one cargo because the Consortium Defense   Department made sure there was only one cargo for you and I went to where you were bringing that cargo."

"Okay," I said. "You manipulated the market."

"Correct," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I wanted you to bring me here."

"To the Republic of Space," I said slowly. It was so hard to think, to reconstruct what had happened, to integrate this new information into the narrative I already had.

"You knew that I would receive offers for other cargos, including the one to the Republic of Space."

"I arranged the one for the Republic of Space," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I made certain it was lucrative enough and of such a priority and profit margin that it would be the only cargo that would interest you."

"You manipulated the cargo again," I said, even more slowly.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo rubbed the back of my neck. "It is really difficult for you to think right now, isn't it?" She sounded concerned, maybe even a little worried.

"I can think okay," I said. "It is re-thinking that is hard, putting this new information into the story."

"You hacked into my communication with Rabbit Ears--and into my personal logs as well," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo reminded me.

"Yes, I did. You knew about that?" I asked.

"I was counting on it," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "All of that was to convince you of my cover story. You would do what you thought needed to be done. You would also interact predictably with the Republic of Space Intelligence officials."

""But you left the Northern Star on Concordia Space Station," I said. I told you to stay on board."

"I had to get off the Northern Star," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo explained. "I was meeting my contact there."

"You were supposed to meet your contact on Unity. The Republic of Space Intelligence gave me a cargo for Unity," I said. The sound of my own voice sounded far away to me. I felt like going back to sleep.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo shook me. "Wake up, Star," she said. "You believed me when I told you I was meeting someone on Unity. Rabbit Ears sent that message, too. You passed it onto the Republic of Space Intelligence Office."

"Yes," I said.

"It wasn't true," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I was never going to Unity with you. I was meeting my contact on Concordia. I had arranged with my contact for you to have a cargo bound for Concordia."

"But you said--" I began.

"I lied to you," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Rabbit Ears lied in the communications you hacked into. We wanted you and the Republic of Space Intelligence Office to believe you and the communications you intercepted."

"So it wasn't true," I said. "I gave the Republic of Space Intelligence Office misinformation."

"That is right," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"That is not good," I said. "It will ruin my reputation for accurate information."

"We'll do what we can," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "We do not want your reputation ruined. You've been very useful to us."

"Who is us?" I sounded very querulous, even to my own sensitive ears. I was so sleepy and what Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was telling me was so hard to understand. First, she was doing one thing and then she contradicted herself and she was doing another thing. I hoped this would eventually make sense.

"Here's the bottom line, Captain Star Runner," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Are you listening to me? Are you awake?"

"Yes," I said automatically, not bothering to think whether it was true or not.

"I am working with the separatists. I need you to get back to the Northern Star. I need you to help me. It will be profitable for you to do so."

"Okay," I said. It did not much matter so long as I got some sleep.

Someone came over to Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo.

"What did she say?" I did not know the questioners voice. I really could not tell if it was male or female.

"
"It. Captain Star Runner is an it," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "It is very ill and not able to think very clearly. I did not realize it could not go this long away from its spaceship. We have to get Captain Star Runner back as soon as possible. We need it for our plan to succeed and its systems are quite compromised. I do not want to do it any more damage than I already had. Does Burnt Orange have everything secured? I do not want Midnight to interfere."

"We have Midnight," the voice said. "He came to the farm. We'll keep him there until you tell us otherwise. Burnt Orange is expected to contact us shortly. We have the helicopter standing by. We can get you to Equality within hours."

"I need to get Captain Star Runner back to its ship on Liberty Space Station," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said with some urgency.

"There's a transport that runs supplies from Equality to Liberty. Antique Silver is lining that up now."

I did not hear any more. It was all talk about me and my ship and getting back to the Northern Star, but how this would be accomplished with the separatist threat I could not fathom. I fully expected to be hijacked again.

But it did not happen that way. True to her word, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had me lifted onto a helicopter then joined me. We flew to an agricultural loading station. There was another train ride. I was carried aboard an agricultural transport vessel bound for Equality. Again, I was carried onto the transport and off again when it reached Equality Agricultural Space Station. By now, I was very weak, very disoriented. I really could not say anything else except that somehow Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo managed to get me aboard the Northern Star and put me into the acceleration web. Ship used its speakers to direct them in the proper way of installing me. Once they were satisfied I was correctly situated, they let Ship work on me. It was touch-and-go for a while. Ship's logs indicate that for the first thirty-two hours, I was critical and for nearly half of that time, fifteen hours and forty-seven minutes, I was on fully life support. After the crisis passed, I continued to be critical but stable.

Chapter Twenty-One

I opened my eyes. I knew I had been unconscious or semi-conscious for some time. I was fully integrated into the acceleration web. I was into bated as well. The rich blend of air going into my lungs was tinged with some sort of narcotic, very faint, but discernable. I breathed deeply, drawing more of it into me, feeling the welcome sense of security it provided. Even if that sense was false, I liked it. It was familiar. As young runners, we were given this drug in our mix to help us pilot our first missions without panic. Of course, our teachers were completely in control, able to override our decisions and keep everyone safe.

I had not been completely aware I had asked, but my pelvic region was flooded with that special pleasure of having genitals stroked. That was happening in my brain but I felt it in my body and I liked it. It was just a feel good thing going nowhere. I liked the seen of peace and tranquility Ship could engender in me at times like this.

"You're awake," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said from somewhere behind me.

I could not reply, but Ship answered her over its speakers.

"The Runner is conscious," it said.

"Can the runner hear me and understand? Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked.

"Yes, the runner can hear and understand simple things. At present, the runner needs 82.77 percent security and support to maintain consciousness. Only positive statements and simple concepts should be communicated to the runner for mental and emotional processing to maintain its sense of well-being and safety. The runner is not fully recovered. It cannot be placed into service at this time."

"Well, that was more status report than I wanted to hear," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo muttered.

"Star, Star Runner, Captain Star Runner, can you hear me?"

"The runner cannot respond verbally," Ship said, a little testily I thought.

"Can it move at all?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo demanded.

"It can," Ship replied unhelpfully.

"Then, if you can hear me, Star, move something so I can see," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I want to be able to ask you questions and not have this meddlesome AI answer."

"The runner and the AI are integrated," Ship said. "The AI can answer for the runner."

I fluttered my eyelids. Keeping them open was hard work. It was easier to keep them closed.

"I saw that," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

I concentrated. It was still hard. The drugs and the pleasant sensations were far more real than Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo's voice.

"Talk with the Ship," I thought to Ship. "I can hear both of you. I can answer you through Ship."

"Very well," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I will have to get used to the idea you are so connected. I've always thought of your AI as separate from you."

"I am in charge of the AI," I thought. "When I am compromised, it takes over for my benefit."

"Okay," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "We'll go into that later. Here's what I want you to know and here's what I need to know."

"First, you're here on the Northern Star and you're still at Liberty Space Station. Burnt Orange is in control of the Intelligence Office. We are holding Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) at Porter Farm until we leave the Republic of Space. I need to know if I can pilot your the Northern Star and if I can bring another human on board, one I will vouch for and pay for."

"Tell her," I directed Ship. "It will be okay, I think."

Of course, I did not know. I probably was in no condition to allow this. However, I sensed no ill will from Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo even though she had lied to me. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had promised to pay and I thought I could trust that.

"You can pilot the Northern Star through the human console," Ship said. "As for bringing another human on board, the bunk in the human state room is designed to be an emergency seat for a second human. It has no console capability."

"That is sufficient," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Can Captain Star Runner withstand travel?"

"In nine hours," Ship replied. "It will be sufficiently stable to be put into unconsciousness for the journey."

"Make it so," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "A human code named Shiny Red will be joining me. Do whatever is necessary to depart at 22:30 hours. Liberty Space Station will give you the okay as soon as I pass that message onto Burnt Orange to approve it."

"Confirmed," Ship said.

I was drifting comfortably on a cloud of pink, drowsing, pleasantly stimulated. It wasn't arousal. It was just nice.

Chapter Twenty-Two

From Ship's logs:

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo left the Northern Star after giving Ship its instructions. She returned two hours later with another human, Shiny Red who began stowing her personal effects in the stateroom. Cargo handling bots began bringing in first human stores and later crates for the cargo hold. The Northern Star is not equipped with refrigeration units in its cargo area so the agricultural supplies were either dried fruits, nuts or fresh items stored in stasis containers. The hold was filled to capacity by 22:00.

Shiny Red took her place in the bunk and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was strapped into the console seat. The runner was given a higher dosage of sedatives and all systems checked out for launch. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo saw all green lights for both Captain Star Runner and Shiny Red. Her own lights were green, too, as well as all other areas of the Northern Star. The spaceship was ready to launch.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, unlike Captain Star Runner, set a moderate acceleration vector to jump point. The docking clamps were released and the Northern Star floated free of Liberty Space Station. Its destination: Fellowship.

The jump was uneventful. The in-system run was also uneventful. The cargo was offloaded at Comradely Space Station. Then the Northern Star was given clearance to dock at one of Fellowship's three moons--Spirit.

With many exclamations of relief, the two humans untapped from their respective seats and moved about the cabin. Captain Star Runner, who had been under sedation for the entire long voyage of twenty-three days, the longest jump in the Republic of Space, was brought to consciousness and was nearly fully recovered. It asked to be let out of the acceleration web. Ship did numerous tests but finally relented, removing the medical equipment that had been part of the runner's body for nearly a month.

Chapter Twenty-Three

I was so weak when I climbed out of the acceleration web at Spirit. My muscles had been fully stimulated for the entire time I was strapped down. I could still walk. Yet I hadn't groomed, hadn't moved my own body for all that time. I had been fed intravenously of course, but I hadn't breathed on my own for some time. The feeling was strange.

I made my way to the saloon where the two female humans were. I knew one of them, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, but I did not know the other one.

"Captain Star Runner," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo exclaimed. "I did not know you would be up so soon."

"I do not know for how long," I said. "I hope I can have some real food, groom, and move around, maybe even use the litter pan on my own and get some real sleep in my basket. I suspect Ship will want me back in the acceleration web as soon as possible to keep an eye on me."

"I looked at your readings during the voyage, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.” You seem to be almost back to normal. To be honest with you, Star, I did not realize how much your Ship does for you on a regular basis. If I had, I would have put together a different scenario than the one we implemented back on Fraternity."

"Not now," I said. "That is too much processing."

"Would you like something to eat?" the other female asked.

"What are you making? I asked.

"One of your favorites according to your computer," the bright red female said.  "It is called macaroni and cheese."

"Yum." I licked my lips. "Yes, I do like that."

I began to groom myself. I did not have the energy to do a complete job of it.

"Let me," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, picking up a brush. "You must still be very weak."

I normally would have resisted, but things had changed. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo sat on the floor with the brush and began to stroke me with it. It felt good. I began to purr.

"I like it when you do that," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You know the time we spent together on the outward voyage--"

"Yes," I said. "I remember."

"I liked that," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I am hoping we can have a repeat on the voyage back."

"I'll have to think about it," I said. "I've had some very strange encounters I haven't fully processed."

"Take your time," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You have time."

"Why are we here? I asked, rolling on my back and splaying my feet.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo laughed. "You always look silly when you do that."

"Silly and sexy all at the same time," Shiny Red, the bright red female, said.

"But it does not have any of those parts," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo protested.

"I just fill them in," Shiny Red said. "It is fun to imagine."

"I do not understand," I said as Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo began brushing my chest.

"I came onto the bridge," Shiny Red said, "and I saw you in the acceleration web with your feet splayed out like that."

I thought about this. Republic of Space women were quite unusual. At least neither of them were physically capable of penetrating me unless they had brought simulated penises with them. As I considered this option, it had some possibilities. Both of them together had some possibilities, too. Watching them together had possibilities. Ship could do for me while I watched. I did not need to participate. That idea pleased me very much and Ship activated a low level stroking routine on command. I flexed and stretched much to their delight. Little did they know of its sexual content for me? That was surprisingly pleasurable for me in a mischievous sort of way.

"Why are we here? I asked.

"First, to sell a cargo," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "If you check your cargo manifests and financial records, you'll see you are in the black for this excursion into the Republic of Space. The separatists owe you that. Secondly, we're meeting with the second most organized separatist group in the Republic. With the Northern Star as escort, we plan to bring representatives from here to a conference of all the separatist of the five systems, a sort of summit meeting if you will. No telling what they will decide. We are making a determination to see if Central Gov will honor any of our demands."

"Our? I asked, suddenly more alert. I paused the stroking routine. 

"Me and the separatists," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo corrected herself. "You're being paid."

"Okay," I said. "This is not a free ride."

"Spoken as a true Pantheran," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo affirmed.

Chapter Twenty-Four
Explanations Thus Far

"So," I said when the meal was prepared and we were gathered around the saloon table, "you haven't explained what happened, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo."

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo speared a piece of cooked carrot before answering. She placed it in her mouth and chewed for a moment.

"I, that is to say, the Consortium Defense Department, learned of the separatists in the Republic of Space. I can't tell you exactly how this happened because I really do not know. That bureau and my bureau in the ministry do not have good communications. However, someone higher up thought it would be something to follow up on and began to try to figure out how anyone could get into the Republic of Space. Everybody and anybody was asked if they had an idea. When I got wind of it, I said I did have an idea and I was prepared to go to the Republic of Space and meet with the separatists. After all, negotiations is what I do best. I am not a blood and guts field agent, but I thought I could take care of myself."

"And your idea was me," I said.

"Precisely." Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo scooped up some bowties, some juice and what looked like cooked onion from the bowl of stew in front of her. "However, Tamara Carson Wade was still with you and I did not want to expose her to my dealings with the Republic of Space. I thought you had been inside the Republic of Space before but I did not know how dangerous it would be. Besides, I did not know if you could accommodate two humans. I knew you had gotten the Northern Star and from my contacts in the Sacred Way I knew you had done quite a bit to it."

I was staggered. I had no idea Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo could find out so much about me. I would have to look into this. Ship made a note on the to do list.

"Fortunately for us, Tamara Carson Wade decided to go back to school. It was a simple matter to get you a cargo from Copernicus Space Station to Grand Central Station. I was confident you would head to a diner so I arranged for you to dock so you would most likely choose the Rock Island Line Cafe. I just had to be there when you arrived."

"I did not know I was so predictable," I said a bit forlornly.

"Do not feel bad," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Most people are, including me. Why would not you go to the nearest diner? Besides, the Rock Island Line has good food and we got to talk about trains. Neither of us knew at the time that you would get a chance to ride on one."

"But it did not have a caboose," I said. "I want to ride on a train that has a caboose."

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo buttered her biscuit before taking a bite. "I'll see what I can do," she said.

"I set up the messages for you to receive, fully confident you would hack into them. They were designed so you could but not be suspicious."

"So I do not know how to compromise the Consortium Ministry for Defense," I said.

"Hardly," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You could probably get into a lot of stuff, but nothing sensitive, nothing as sensitive as this mission for sure."

I made another note to review my own security system and to see what could be done with my surveillance system. This was quite disappointing news that I didn’t have as much access as I thought I did.

"And your personal files? I asked.

"That was just sloppiness on my part," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I am being more careful these days. You are quite a nosy creature, you know, Captain Star Runner."

"You invade people's privacy?" Shiny Red was shocked.

"Why not? I asked. "If I can get in, why should not I snoop around?"

"Because, well, it is private," Shiny Red said.

"Why is that important? I asked.

They were both silent. I continued to eat the stew. I would have to lap up the juice. I wondered how they would react to that. Tamara had looked at me askance at first.

"I think," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said to Shiny Red, "that Captain Star Runner isn't used to having any privacy itself, being so connected to its ship's databases, that it hasn't developed a sense of privacy or what the benefits might be. Life in the Coalition, especially as an androgen and a runner, is very different from life here in the Republic of Space. Captain Star Runner, for example, has no pockets in which to carry anything. It must have a bag or carry something around its neck. So right there, it does not have the privacy of carrying something concealed on its person, or is that Pantheran?"

"I am not a person in the Coalition," I said. "I am surplus and there's a price on my head so any sort of rules do not apply to me anymore."

"What does surplus mean?" Shiny Red asked.

"Just what it sounds like," I said, still hearing the bitterness in my voice. It had never left me. "I am not a desirable member of The Race and because I was created in the genetics lab, by the Institute the Institute can destroy me any time it chooses."

"That is criminal," Shiny Red said.

"Not in the Coalition," I said. "It is the law."

"So that is why you're outside the Coalition? Shiny Red asked.

"Exactly," I said.


"If my mission went wrong," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo continued, "The Consortium could always blame you as a pirate or a smuggler, declare that you were working for some other interest other than that of the Consortium."

"Not very accommodating," I said, digging into my biscuit. I particularly liked biscuits with jam and Tamara had made sure I had lots of jam in the larder before she left for school.

"But believable," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "And it probably would not damage your reputation. It probably would have enhanced it."

"Then you left the Northern Star," I prompted.

"Yes. Raspberry and Vermillion were on Concordia and they were the ones who got me to Fraternity.

"Those names sound familiar," I said.

"Yes," Shiny Red said. "You met them on the transport that got taken to Equality. Raspberry is my mother."

"So the little girl is your littermate," I said. Human relationships were very hard for me to keep straight.

"Half sister," Shiny Red said. "We have different fathers."

"Her other daddy," I said.

"No, he's not father to either of us," Shiny Red said. "He's Raspberry's current husband. They have a little boy Apple Berry."

"That is an awful name for a little boy," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo declared.

"Oh, he will not keep it," Shiny Red said. "It'll change. It is just a kid name."

"They were supposed to get me to you," I said slowly.

"Yes, but then the Equality crew had that stupid hijacking maneuver," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "We hoped he could keep you on Equality once you got there but Raspberry and Vermillion got separated from you and then the Republic of Space Intelligence Office people got a hold of your ship and started blasting away at the Equality facility. They had to give you up."

"My doing," I said. "I had programmed Ship to respond to an emergency. I considered being kidnapped an emergency and so did Ship."

"Understandable," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "given that I hadn't given you any information. Other things went wrong, too. Lieutenant Burnt Orange was delayed because they needed another agent to escort Lieutenant Puce off the premises. We hadn't planned on Major Midnight Blue accompanying you. We needed a plan so we had to concoct that crazy outlaw holding up the train thing when you were in open country. We told the company no one could get hurt if the engineer played along. They did not want anyone hurt so we were able to get in and get out fairly quickly. We almost couldn’t find you. I should have known you'd be up on the observation deck."

"I had never been planetside before," I said. "I do not really like it. I am much more comfortable on a spaceship."

"So with all our people on the same page, we were able to get you back aboard Liberty Space Station and the Northern Star," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) concluded. We'll meet with the Spirit people later tonight and hopefully be on our way in two days for the summit. Then we'll see where we go from here."

"And what's the point of all this? I asked, licking the last of the jam off my fingers. Whether they were fingers or toes was a matter of some debate. I used the words interchangeably. It did not much matter to me so long as they were jam free.

"Dealing with the interdiction and the independence of the northern frontier," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "You know and I know the Coalition is a front for Pantheran imperial rule. Tanner is a front for the real power. An androgen would not be the real crux of power. It is just a figure head."

"Not necessarily," I said slowly. "Just because it is an androgen does not mean it does not have power or it can't have a stranglehold on the gendered members of the imperial elite. I've never known who the imperial elite truly is. Presumably there are gendered members of The Race involved, but it could be just as possible to have them engineered in the lab and for someone to create androgynous members as well as gendered ones. Solves the difficulty of royal matings and compromised genetic pools. You could splice in royal genes and make new genetic material available."

Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) set down her coffee cup clumsily. "You mean the royal family could be sustaining itself through your genetic labs?"

"Why not? I asked. "It was a member of the royal family who set them up in the first place." I thought carefully for a moment. "No, that is not right. The fuchsia-colored member of The Race who set up the Institute became a member of the royal family through implantation of genetic into her offspring. There was much negotiation about that. I forget the details and I do not have access to them anymore. It did not seem important at the time."

"I'll have my people look into it," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "It might prove enlightening. Perhaps we could even get some human DNA implanted."

"You'd have to get it into the labs," I said. "That would be hard to do. The genome is quite closely monitored for defects."

"That aside," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said, "the Consortium has an interest in its independence from the Coalition and we thought the Republic of Space has that agenda, too, and being closed off, will have to be brought up to speed as to what is going on. Your difficulties with Panthera is well known throughout the northern frontier and you being involved with this operation made sense."

"To you," I said. "But you did not consult me."

"No, we did not," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) agreed. "If you're sore about that, I can understand. But you are being compensated for your inconvenience."

"I had better be," I said.

""We know how to do business to get on your good side," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. And I know where you can get some very interesting footage for your pornographic database."

"You have pornography?" Shiny Red asked, quite taken aback.

"I sell it," I said. "It is quite lucrative and provides a steady income when I am off on wild goose chases in the Republic of space."

I was again surprised Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) knew about my dealings in pornography. What else did she know about me?

Well, I was up to speed with what had happened. Now I needed to be on the alert for problems with this new venture of the Summit of Separatists.

Chapter Twenty-Five
Intimate Interlude

I had retired to my acceleration web. I really wanted to sleep in my basket, but Ship was still doing some intensive monitoring. I was again thoroughly plugged in, including being intubated. The lights were low on the Bridge. Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) came to her console and prepared to retire, making the seat recline fully. She stepped over to my acceleration web and looked down at me.

"Are you awake?" Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) asked.

"Yes," I said, speaking through Ship's speakers. I could not talk on the ventilator.

Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) jumped.

"Did I surprise you? I asked. "I did not mean to." I had turned down the volume.

"I wasn't expecting that," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "I am still getting used to the idea that you and the AI in the Northern Star are in many ways the same person."

"I do not think of it that way," I said. "There is Ship and there is me. We're just very linked. I need Ship to survive as you know. The AI dent really need me in the same way. It can be reprogrammed just as I can use another AI, just not as conveniently because we have a long history together and many things do not have to be explained or found out anymore."

"I wanted to tell you," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) began. I sensed we were on a new topic. "I looked over my journals--the ones you read. You must think I am very," she searched for the right word, "indifferent to you. That is really not the case." Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) placed her hand on my chest on top of the webbing. I find you very appealing."

I raised the heat around the web. "Then let's spend some time together alone," I said.

"But you're all hooked up," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said.

"For now," I said, "but not forever."

Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) took off her clothes and I opened the web. She climbed into it awkwardly and snuggled up against me.

"You're very soft and warm," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "It is like having a stuffed animal that is as big as you are and can talk."

Tamara had said much the same thing to me. However, our relationship was not of a sexual nature nor had we spent time together like this.

"You seem very passive," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Did Ship give you something?"

"Yes, indeed," I said. "The drug is very pleasant, very relaxing. Your body next to mine feels very nice, too. A runner's life is very much about drugs. Addiction is a severe problem. That is why I focus so much on sex and pornography. It is to avoid dependence on one particular drug. They're quite habit-forming."

"And sex isn't?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked, beginning to stroke me. I twitched all over. Apparently, the drug I was on made me very sensitive to her touch.

"It has almost limitless variations," I said. "It can be internal or external and the partners can vary so much."

"Sometimes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "I wonder what it would be like if each of us only had one sexual partner."

I thought about this. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo found where she could rest her head on me, below the heart monitor. I made certain the heat blanket over us would keep her comfortable as she slept. We did not have sex, but I've always thought of that night as the first time we really made love together.

Chapter Twenty-Six
En Routt

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and Shiny Red left the Northern Star in the morning to secure a cargo for me and to meet clandestinely with one of the separatist leaders on Fellowship. I had wanted to go ashore myself, but Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had explained that my presence would raise suspicion. I countered that the Northern Star itself would raise suspicion, but Shiny Red explained that ships of unusual design were commonplace in the Republic of Space because old Coalition spaceships were still in use and just refitted with Republic of Space parts when necessary. The Northern Star had been designed by engineers in the Sacred Way Confederation based also on Coalition designs. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was fortunate in that her dark skin fit in well with the varied colors of the citizens of the Republic of Space. Her code name was Corundum I learned. I worried about the cargo, but Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo assured me that the separatists would bring a bag of precious stones that I could sell for a handsome profit back in the Consortium. I hope she was right though the foodstuffs which had already been sold had made the voyage a financial success. The precious stones would make be just icing on the cake, and profitable icing at that. I could even bank them and their value would accrue over time.

I spent my time going over the voyage to the separatist rendezvous site for the summit meeting. I was very uneasy. I wondered when, not if, the Republic of Space Intelligence Office would show up. For a time I considered contacting them, to tell them of the separatist meeting, to collect whatever reward I could. Then I thought about how the Consortium Ministry of Defense and Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had hoodwinked me into thinking I had hacked in their communication system. If the Consortium Ministry of Defense knew as much about my behavior and movements as Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said they did, why would not it be possible for the Republic of Space to know a great deal about me and the separatists? After all, the Republic of Space Intelligence Office had known all along where Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was. That was not in doubt. They hadn't wanted their agents to be responsible for her rescue. In fact, according to Lieutenant Puce, Xoqtiq_7, their operative had not been able to get Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo released so presumably there had been contact. This was very complicated and my mind could not wrap itself around all the many permutations of who knew what and what the various players meant to do and meant for others to do. I wondered if humans or gendered members of The Race could sort all this out. I certainly could not. Maybe the best thing to do was let Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo tell me what to do as runner. After all, my primary task in all of this was to provide tactical support for the separatist transport vessel and to provide the same support during the summit meeting. I was not a gunner by design, but the weapons I carried on the Northern Star were sufficient in normal operations to deter pirates. What they would do for the separatists I did not know. It would depend if there was a shoot out or not. I hoped not. My responsibility was to bring Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo back to the Consortium. I had no loyalty to or responsibility for the long-term survival of any of the separatists. After studying the route I was to take, I resolved to have a conversation with Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo regarding my responsibilities and our contingency plan should the separatists be overwhelmed by the Republic of Space central gov forces.

The women returned, delighted with their meeting and their purchases. They had even bought me a lovely new scarf with both lace and fringe in a wonderful yellow-brown color. They called it topaz.

Then it was time to prepare for launch.

We picked up the transport vessel behind one of the other moons, Compassion, I think, and made our way out of the system. We were bound for the Lifeless Star system, named that because no life existed or could exist on its worlds. Mostly these planets were ice-encrusted rock. It would be a long time before the Republic of Space had need of its natural resources and was willing to spend the time and money it would take to recover them. It was an ideal location for a private meeting.

I picked up two more separatist ships when I came into the Lifeless Star System. I wondered if the other two were behind us, in front of us or one behind and one in front. Something did not feel right to me. I could not identify the cause of my nervousness, but over the years of operating as an independent runner and a smuggler, I had learned to trust my uneasiness. I changed my trajectory and slid into a geosynchronous orbit behind a desolate moon.

"What are you doing?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo demanded. "You've leaving those transport ships out there all alone."

'Something's wrong," I said.

"And what would that be?"

"I do not know yet," I said. "I've survived a long time Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo as a successful smuggler. There's a trap here somewhere. I just do not know where it is and I do not know who is going to spring it. It could even be one of those three ships out there. I am not sure of anything anymore. There are wheels within wheels here. My brain can't wrap itself around all the possibilities, all the double crosses, all the scheming and half-truths. What I do know is that I am not going any further until I have a better feeling about going deeper into this system."

It was at that point the shooting started. 

A transport vessel from inside the Lifeless Star System, a vessel which had been in front of the Northern Star, came at a great speed back toward the outer region of the Lifeless Star System, armed to the teeth. The unarmed transport vessel I had escorted all the way from the Fellowship Star System returned fire as did the two other ships with the fifth ship appearing at the rear, joining forces with the first ship. It was indeed a trap. The separatists had also lied. They had not needed an escort vessel. They were armed and, as the battle raged, quite capable of defending themselves.

"So," I said to Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo, "what is going on here?"

"I am not sure," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo replied. "Shiny Red, can you shed any light on this?"

Shiny Red did not speak. She simply held one of the carving knives from the kitchen at Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo throat.

"Okay, runner," Shiny Red said, "you take out the nearest patrol ship or Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo dies."

That was a very stupid move on Shiny Red's part. I gave two commands, easily, quickly, as soon as I could imagine them. Ship would protect the Northern Star. The first was to anesthetize us all. The second was to revive me at soon as possible. The vents opened and the gas discharged. At the same time, Ship pumped the anecdote into my system. Things grew hazy for a time, then I was fully awake, very stimulated as a matter of fact, and I quickly unstrapped from my acceleration. I took the knife from Shiny Red and secured her to one of my climbing bars. I then went to find the human medical kit and worked on reviving Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo. 

"Good show, Captain Star Runner," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "That was quite effective."

"And difficult to defend against," I said. "How could anyone tell me not to think? An AI could discharge the gas even without a direct instruction from me if the situation warranted it. Shiny Red either did this spontaneously on her own recognizance or Shiny Red and her cohorts do not understand what a runner can do. I may not have the ability to sort out what is going on here, but I can take care of myself and my ship."

"And me," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"And my cargo," I agreed.

"Am I still just cargo?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked.

"Perhaps not," I said. "That is too complicated a question for me right now. I need you to take care of Shiny Red. I need to get us out of here."

"Agreed."

Ship had to search for the jump point out of the Lifeless Star System that would bring us closest to the northern frontier. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and I had agreed it would be too dangerous to drop Shiny Red off somewhere inside the Republic of Space. If we met up with a patrol ship at our exit jump point, we might be able to turn her over there, but if we brought her back to the Consortium, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and the Ministry of Defense could interrogate her.

The Republic of Space checkpoint was indeed patrolled. I informed them that I had a stowaway and needed to return her. I made no further explanation. I was asked for none. Shiny Red was turned over, still sedated, and we jumped out of the Republic of space.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

The Northern Star had successfully negotiated the long jump back into the northern frontier. At some intangible level, it felt good to be back, to be out of the Republic of Space. We got out of our respective protective jump seats and by mutual consent moved to the saloon. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo went into the galley to fix some quick food. Jumps always made us hungry and thirsty. Ship had wanted to keep me in the acceleration web with an intravenous drip to re-hydrate me, but I said I could manage it on my own and Ship could double check me later. Ship never likes it when I take my care into my own paws, but I submit to regular monitoring most of the time. Besides, my demands for recreational narcotics are lighter if I get to eat and drink on my own. A runner who can control its affinity for pleasure inducing drugs is an asset to any AI and Ship knows that. It learned it from the AI on the Hispaniola which had a runner so thoroughly addicted that it could not survive being detached from its ship for even an hour. The Hispaniola ordered that runner's immediate termination.

"So," I said, sitting down on the floor next to the table in front of an aromatic plate of leftover stew, "what did this venture accomplish?"

"You have a substantial haul of precious stones," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo pointed out. "You have enough bullion to   stop smuggling for at least half a year. You probably have several pornographic fantasies to post to your database and several more that could be developed. I think this was quite a profitable trip for you."

I considered this. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo was right. Financially, the voyage was a success. Physically, I had made almost a full recovery from my sojourn on Fraternity. By the time I returned Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo to Grand Central Station or wherever she wanted to be dropped off, I would be in good health again.

However, I was not satisfied with the venture.

"All what you say is true," I said. "In fact, since we're back on the northern frontier, the new fantasies are in their final stages of processing prior to posting. The previews are up and the pre-orders are doing well."

"You do not lose any time, do you?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo observed.

"It is a business," I said. "I have many competitors. I try to keep my subscribers happy and give them reason to recommend the service to others. New material on a regular basis is one of the ways I keep my renewals high. Subscribers get to revisit favorite scenarios and experience new ones. They do not have to go elsewhere to have something fresh." 

"So what is bothering you?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked.

I paused before answering. I was indeed troubled by what had happened in the Republic of Space. It quite   frankly did not make sense to me. I decided to speak and see what Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo had to say.

"It all seemed confusing and quite pointless," I said. "I think you went there to find allies for an action against the Coalition. I do not think you found any."

"On the contrary, I did," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"You did?” I asked. This was very surprising news to me.

"I needed a cover to talk with Republic of Space Central Gov. We decided the ruse of siding with the separatists would keep the Office of Intelligence busy so I could taught to the Central Gov representative."

"And do I know who that is?” I asked.

"Oh course you do," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said and laughed. "It is Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight)."

"Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) was your contact?” I asked.

"You transported him from Unity to Liberty Space Station, did not you?"

"Yes," I said.

"All the briefing materials were in my stateroom."

"But I hacked into them," I protested. "There was nothing there about an alliance."

"Silly cat," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, scratching my ears just the way I liked it. "The information wasn't stored electronically."

"You put it on paper?” I asked, incredulous.

"Of course," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, stroking my shoulders. "I did not think you'd look at that. Besides, how's your text reading of human?"

"I can read sign boards," I said. "I could not read much more than that by myself."

"Precisely," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) took the papers with him when he disembarked from the ship. Our original plan was to have Raspberry bring you to Porter's Farm. But when the idiots on Equality hijacked you, we needed another plan. I was fairly certain getting you planetside would be difficult. I just did not know how difficult and how taxing it would be on you. I am sorry for that."

"Keep rubbing my spine," I said. "It helps with the 'I am sorry'."

"We were all pretty much making it up as we went along after that," Major Midnight Blue (or just plain Midnight) said. "The mess with Puce was unexpected and getting two agents out there ASAP was difficult. Fortunately, Midnight could call in some favors and Burnt Orange could get free to come out and manage things for a while. He's not a lieutenant. He's a colonel."

"My goodness,” I said. "This was a high-ranking affair."

"Yes, indeed," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I think I can tell you this--Midnight wanted you to record Puce. He asked me if there was a way to get you to do it without knowing. I outlined the scenario for him. It did me he had to proposition you, not the sort of thing the major is into, you know."

"He did seem quite tentative and matter-of-fact about it," I said. "And to think, I bought a special scarf for the occasion."

"He did say it looked quite becoming," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"He did not," I said. "You're making that up."

"No, he really did. He said it made you far more girlish and made what he had to do just a little easier."

"So where did The Rev fit into all this?” I asked.

"She's a puzzle to me," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I do not know if she's a pawn or she's an operative."

"I think she really is what she seems," I said. "We had a talk about her gathering."

"Her fathering?"

"Yes, a special gathering to tell the story of the special singing and the Juvenile Jesus," I said.

"Ah, Christmas," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, "the shepherds keeping watch over their flocks by night and the Baby Jesus."

"I thought I said that," I said.

"You did, in a Pantheran sort of way," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said as she stroked my flanks. "You have such thick fur."

"Do not change the subject," I said.

"What else do you want to know?"

"The trap in the Lifeless Star System," I said. "Did you know about that?"

"No," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I thought the summit would take place and they'd scoop everybody up when they exited. I was going to send you clear. We would not have had Shiny Red with us so we could have simply jumped out."

"That would have been cleaner," I agreed. "I wondered that the patrol ships did not ask for any clearance documentation."

"You had it," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I would have told you to have them check for it."

"I see," I said. I did not really see. Maybe that wasn't important. Maybe, in the end, all this was beyond my training, beyond my design parameters. I liked to think I was capable of everything a gendered member of The Race was except physical sex and reproduction and that I could be equal to any human. On this voyage, however, I had begun to doubt this.

"A penny for your thoughts," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"A what?” I asked.

"An Earth expression," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo hurried to explain. "It means 'What are you thinking about?'."

I hesitated. "This is all very complicated to understand," I began.

"Espionage and conspiracy theories always are," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo explained. "I did not always know what was happening and who to trust. It sounds simple in the telling but it was not simple in the living."

"I thought I knew," I said. "Now I find out I did not know and now I am confused and uncertain what to believe."

"Then you will be able to ask more questions and not make so many assumptions," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said, pressing her cheek against my shoulder. "You are a remarkable animal."

"Do you think of me that way, as an animal?” I asked. I wasn't sure how to respond.

"Some," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You're not human. You're not a man. You're not a woman either. I do not know what word to use for a runner whom I find so pleasant to be with and so exciting in bed. It is really strange for me. You're part pet, part lover, part friend."

"Tamara is my friend," I said firmly.

"And humans have more than one friend if they are lucky," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I hope we can continue to see each other when this voyage is over. I do not want to become just another research project for your pornographic database."

"But how?" I asked. "You will go to wherever your work is and I will go about my business." 

Your friend, Tamara, sends you messages, does not she?"

"No," I said. "She went to University on Socrates. I haven't received any--" But I had. Ship told me there was nearly a hundred of them. I hadn't given Ship any directive for personal messages and since they had nothing to do with business or emergencies, I hadn't been alerted to their existence.

I jumped up from the table, knocking Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo over and bounded away to my space. I was ashamed. How could I have not known, not realized Tamara would send me messages. She sent and received messages all the time from Pirate's Cove.

Tamara had sent me lots of quick messages in the beginning, then when I did not respond, she sent fewer and fewer of them. She always remarked that I hadn't answered, wondered if I was mad or busy. Hoped I was okay. Her last message was around Christmastime.

I decided the best thing to do was to send her a message right away. I realized I would have to speak out loud and my image would also be transmitted.

I was curled up in my basket, feeling embarrassed and knowing I would have to tell Tamara. Then I thought, she always liked looking at me all curled up in my basket. She said I looked so cat-like this way.

I began to speak: "Hi, Tamara. I feel so ashamed. I never thought to tell Ship to let me know right away when you sent a message so I just got them all. I hope you will not think I am too silly an animal. I've been out of communication range, too. But I am back now. I have a few loose ends to tie up and then I'll be coming to Socrates. I've been on a planet so if it is all right with you, I'll come to the University just like you wanted me to. It will still be very strange but I want you to still be my friend." I stopped. I did not know what else to say. I wondered if this was how the messages were supposed to sound. Oh well. I better send it and instructed Ship to let me know immediately when Tamara sent a message.

Tamara's answer came later that evening when I was in the acceleration web, getting a quick  once over from Ship.

"Star!" Tamara  sounded so exciting. "You silly pussycat. I should have set the alerts myself. Ship would not have minded, would it? Wow, you went to a planet. I want to know all about that. You must be very proud of yourself. I'd love to have you come to visit. All my friends here are dying to meet you. There all so jealous we got to go all over the northern frontier. Let me know when you're coming. I've got a test tomorrow so I need to study. Bye for now."

I had Ship send an acknowledgment so Tamara would know I got her message. I sighed happily. It was good to see Tamara's image and hear her voice again. I had missed her. She would have known what to do in a lot of the situations I had been in recently.

Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo and I had talked about continuing our relationship. We had agreed to send messages. I made sure Ship would tell me about these, too. We also would arrange places and times to meet. She was vague about her work, but thought I might be able to assist as I had by taking her to and from the Republic of Space. 

We were forty-eight hours out of Grand Central Station, making our way into Central Star System when the message came in for Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo from the Consortium Ministry of Defense. I could not read the message. Ship's initial assessment was that the message could not be hacked either. This was a message the Consortium Ministry of Defense  did not want me to hack into. 

"You have a message," I said. "It is one I cannot access."

"It is the real deal, Star," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. She read the message. "Star, how fast can you get me to Pirate's Cove?"

"I am not going to Pirate's Cove ," I said. "I am going to Grand Central Station to drop you off at your ship and then I am going to Socrates to see Tamara."

"I don't have a ship at Grand Central Station," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I was using a ship from the  ministry. They would have taken it by now." 

"Then why am I, was I, taking you to Grand Central Station?” I asked, "If you did not have a ship there?"

"I would have taken commercial transport," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "But that is immaterial now. I need to get to Pirate's Cove."

"I do not understand University," I said.

"What does that have to do with getting me to Pirate's Cove?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked impatiently.

"Tamara might want to visit Pirate's Cove and then I would have a reason to go there."

"How?” Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo began, then stopped. "Can you transport us both?"

"Yes," I said. "I will have the Northern Star modified."

"But I need to get there--"

"The Northern Star is one of the fastest ships on the northern frontier," I said. "If I put the request in now at the Copernicus refit yard and you get somebody to put my request at the top of the queue, I can visit with Tamara planetside while the refit is done and then take you to Pirate's Cove quicker than anyone else can. Do we have an agreement?"

"I'll pay for this dearly, won't I?" Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo asked, smiling.

"Always," I said.

"And Tamara?"

"She's my friend," I said. "That makes things different. Tamara said so."

"I bet she did," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

So it was arranged. The refit to accommodate a stateroom for Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo aboard the Northern Star did not cost me anything. While we were in port, Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo arranged to have the larder restocked, including some of Tamara's favorite food. I got a grand tour of the University and met many of Tamara's friends. Tamara arranged to do her class work aboard the Northern Star and stay in touch with her professors. Seeing as Pirate's Cove was so far out on the northern frontier, almost to unoccupied space, her opportunity to go and visit was considered extraordinary and she was free to leave for a time. It turned out many of the students came and went on this basis. Not many had the luxury of staying at the University for the entire time of their education.

"I'll be able to tell Pru all about it," Tamara explained.

Station Manager Prudence Wu was Tamara's guardian and my some time nemesis. Although Station Manager Prudence Wu and I did not see eye to eye, especially because of Colonel Philip Drucker's sexual relationship with me and the non-sexual relationship with Station Manager Prudence Wu by him, we had agreed to have a truce of sorts for Tamara's benefit. We both cared for her deeply and wanted the best for her. I had transported Tamara to Socrates, via some adventures and now I would take her back to Pirate's Cove for a visit. There was a tacit understanding that I would bring her back to the University at a convenient time. I couldn't be Tamara's guardian, but I certainly would take care of her as best I could.

I didn't know why Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo needed to go to Pirate's Cove so badly. She would not tell me. I suspected it had something to do with the Free Residents of the Northern Frontier--they called themselves FRONT--and the database FunjiWoman and I had extracted from the Coalition patrol ship the Free Residents of the Northern Frontier had captured and which I had piloted back to the Long John Silver system.

"I hope," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said the last night we were in port, "that Tamara won't see me as a rival."

"A rival?" I asked.

"Yes," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "After all, we are lovers and Tamara may think I have replaced her in your affection."

"That would be silly," I said. "Tamara is my friend. You are my lover. That makes it very different."

"But it still might be a problem," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said.

"I told Tamara we were lovers," I said. "I told her we, Tamara and I were friends. She said she understood that."

"Understanding and feeling okay about it are two separate things," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I am older than Tamara. She may see me as similar to you in age."

"I'm not as old as either of you," I said.

"That's not what I mean, Captain Star Runner, and you know it," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "You appear to Tamara as an adult. You are an adult. You aren't a kitten, are you?"


"Of course not," I said indignantly.

"Okay," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "We have to pay attention to everybody's feelings, including yours."

"Okay," I said. "But I don't understand."

"Hopefully, you won't have to," Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo said. "I just want you to be prepared if people get a little huffy. I'm in Tamara's ship." She raised her hand. "I know, it is your ship, but it feels like Tamara's ship to her."

"You are fussing," I said. "I do not like fussing and I am the captain, no matter what, so stop fussing. Tamara will be here soon and I want everybody to be okay because human emotions are bothersome."

Tamara came aboard, loaded down with stuff. There is no other word for it. She happily packed it all away. I sent both human females to their bunks to prepare for launch and sleep. I needed to go over the Northern Star, and get us underway. We would be going as fast as the humans could tolerate so I made sure they were secure and gave the request for departure. We drifted away from Copernicus and started on our new adventure.
